absorb	Sometimes the precipitation happens too quickly and the ground cannot absorb all of the water.	1
absorb	The roots of the plant take in (absorb) water.	1
absorb	When the ground absorbs the water and it settles below the surface, it is called groundwater.	1
absorb	Clouds can block the Earth's ability to absorb light and heat from the sun and therefore can affect temperature.	1
absorb	Adaptation examples can include: roses have thorns for protection, cacti hold water to survive in the desert, and palm trees have wide leaves to absorb extra sunlight.	1
absorb	The digested food then moves into the intestine where the nutrients are absorbed into the blood.	1
absorb	The leaves of the plant absorb carbon dioxide.	1
absorb	The leaves of the plant absorb sunlight.	1
absorb	The two functions of the roots are to anchor and absorb.	1
absorb	Roots absorb water and nutrients from the soil into the plant.	1
absorb	It is absorbed (taken in) by the leaves and is necessary for the plant to produce food.	1
absorb	When precipitation falls to the Earth, the water is eventually absorbed (taken in) by the ground.	1
absorption	Jul 10, 2015 ... ... shock absorption depends on factors such as time, segment kinematics, tissue compressibility and elasticity, and vision preceding the impact.	1
absorption	Absorption is the process of taking water, food, and oxygen into the cells.	1
absorption	Light absorption occurs when atoms or molecules take up the energy of a photon of light, thereby reducing the transmission of light as it is passed through a...	1
absorption	It is assumed that such absorption occurs due to the excitation of void.	1
absorption	while physical absorption occurs when the body is in contact with media such ss molecular sieves, activated alumina, or silica gels.	1
absorption	Absorption occurs when an object takes in the light wave.	1
absorption	Jul 2, 2014 ... Absorption occurs when an object completely takes in the signal and retains some or all of it.	1
absorption	ABSORPTION (A) - Absorption is the process by which a liquid is drawn into and tends ...	1
acceleration	Acceleration occurs due to the application of force to a mass (f=ma,...	1
acceleration	As defined by KE =1/2 mv^2, acceleration is the process of gaining kinetic energy, so the greater the power delivered, the quicker it gains kinetic energy.	1
acceleration	this acceleration causes inertial forces to occur in the direction perpendicular to the plane of Wall (A).	1
adaptation	Leaves and stems developing tough outer coatings to protect the plant from the environment is a plant adaptation.	1
adaptation	Stems becoming thicker to prevent water loss is a plant adaptation.	1
adaptation	Roots growing longer to reach the water supply is a plant adaptation.	1
adaptation	A giraffe's long neck is a trait that can be considered an adaptation.	1
adaptation	Colored or patterned leaves and/or flowers in order to blend into the environment are a plant adaptation.	1
adaptation	Large leaves to increase surface area for photosynthesis are a plant adaptation.	1
adaptation	Thorns on stems to protect the plant from being eaten are a plant adaptation.	1
adaptation	In general, adaptation is the process of responding to change.	1
adaptation	They can be bent to an angle of up to 180 and then restore to their original shape, which is necessary for adaptation inside a living system.	1
adaptation	Schlossberg (1981), adaptation occurs when an individual is able to integrate transition into her life.	1
adaptation	The purpose of adaptation is to better fit the needs of a new population, location, language, or mode, or any combination of these ([6] [7] [10];...	1
adaptation	These changes (adaptations) depend on the environment.	1
adaptation	Some plant adaptations might include:	1
asexual reproduction	other hand, asexual reproduction is the biologi- cal process whereby an organism creates a genetic copy of itself without using any foreign genetic material.	1
asexual reproduction	Structures called spores reproduce the fungus in the form of mycelium or yeast ... Asexual reproduction occurs when a part of an individual regenerates itself into...	1
asexual reproduction	Mar 28, 2015 ... Asexual reproduction occurs when an organism reproduces by itself.	1
asexual reproduction	The other means of asexual reproduction occurs when a plantlet or keiki begins to sprout...	1
asexual reproduction	Another kind of asexual reproduction is the pro- duction of various kinds of spores.	1
asexual reproduction	Asexual reproduction is the most common means of replication by protozoans.	1
asexual reproduction	Asexual reproduction occurs when an organism makes a copy of itself without undergoing meiosis and fertilization.	1
attracts	The flower is colorful and has a pleasant scent that attracts birds and insects to help with fertilization.	1
attracts	A magnet is an object that attracts metals.	1
boiling	"Flash boiling occurs when the pressure of a liquid suddenly drops below it"" saturation pressure, causing the liquid to vaporize."	1
boiling	Boiling occurs when saturation pressure exceeds the confining pressure of a system.	1
boiling	Boiling occurs when the pressure above a liquid becomes equal to or less then the vapour pressure of the liquid.	1
boiling	The boiling helps to break up the cells in the preparation, and denatures proteins.	1
boiling	Boiling is the process of transforming water into steam.	1
boiling	Mar 28, 2013 ... Boiling is the process of water changing from its liquid form to its gaseous form through heat gain.	1
boiling	Aug 4, 1997 ... Flow boiling occurs when all the phases are in bulk flow together in a channel; e.g., vapor and liquid flow in a pipe.	1
boiling	Boiling is the formation of vapor bubbles at the heating surface.	1
boiling	Feb 15, 2013 ... Boiling is the process of rapidly converting a liquid to its gaseous (vapor) state, typically by heating the liquid to a temperature called its boiling...	1
boiling	It has been found that the high heat transfer rate in nucleate boiling is caused by the formation and transportation of vapour bubbles.	1
boiling	Flash boiling occurs when the pressure of liquid drops instantly below the saturation pressure.	1
boiling	The boiling is caused by the relationship between the temperature and pressure of a gas.	1
boiling	This boiling causes the air inside to be forced out and replaced with hot water vapor.	1
boiling	At least one cooking pot is necessary for boiling water.	1
boiling	The phase change process ensures better temperature uniformity and ...... Boiling is the process of transforming liquid into vapor through the addition of heat.	1
breathe	They can grow, take in nutrients, breathe, reproduce, eliminate waste, and die.	1
breathe	Because fish live in the water and need to breathe, they developed gills.	1
breathe	Fish breathe through gills.	1
breathe	Plants provide animals with food and gases (oxygen) that their bodies need to grow, breathe, and make energy.	1
breathe	Humans inhale (breathe in) oxygen and exhale (breathe out) carbon dioxide.	1
breathe	Plants give off oxygen for animals to breathe in.	1
breathe	All animals grow, take in nutrients, breathe, reproduce, eliminate waste, and die.	1
breathe	We breathe faster and begin to sweat.	1
breathing	All living things do some type of breathing.	1
breathing	We do this by breathing.	1
breathing	This method of breathing helps to keep your air sacs open longer so that air is not trapped in your lungs.	1
breathing	Mar 7, 2013 ... Circular breathing occurs when you breathe in through your nose and out through your mouth at the same time.	1
breathing	Animals take in air by breathing.	1
breathing	The respiratory system is responsible for breathing	1
breathing	Circular breathing is the process of inhaling through your nose while playing a woodwind instrument in order to enable continuous sound without a pause for...	1
breathing	Deep breathing occurs when the body is in a state of relaxation.	1
breathing	May 31, 2013 ... holding-breath ... might be surprising to some given that the purpose of breathing is to provide our bodies with the oxygen it needs to survive.	1
breathing	The purpose of breathing is to provide a way for the body to receive fresh oxygen in exchange for the carbon dioxide and other waste gases that the cells of the...	1
breathing	Breathing is the process of drawing air into the lungs and then expelling it again.	1
breathing	Growth, taking in nutrients, breathing, and reproduction are the life processes of all living things.	1
breathing	Breathing occurs due to repeated contractions of a large muscle called the diaphragm.	1
build	Examples of animals using plants for shelter are birds building a nest on tree branches and squirrels living inside a tree trunk.	1
build	However, powerful earthquakes can cause damage to landscapes and buildings.	1
build	As humans build homes, stores, and communities, they displace the animals that live in those areas.	1
build	These behaviors may include: nest building, hibernating, hunting, migrating, and communicating.	1
build	Humans use wood to build homes, which comes from trees.	1
build	Our teeth build up food throughout the day and overnight while we sleep.	1
build	As humans construct new homes and buildings they change the landscape of the nonliving environment.	1
camouflage	This point is an important one, because it is not the purpose of camouflage and concealment to persuade the enemy; rather, the purpose of camouflage is to...	1
camouflage	This combination of color and camouflage is the perfect mix for deer hunting, effectively revealing hunters to other humans while concealing them from he color...	1
camouflage	Oct 7, 2006 ... ... because it has no known chemical defences and camouflage is the anti-predator defence most commonly assumed for the family Thyatiridae.	1
camouflage	The purpose of camouflage is to provide concealment.	1
camouflage	Camouflage is the use of any combination of materials, coloration, or illumination for concealment, either by making animals or objects hard to see (crypsis),...	1
camouflage	Animals that change color or are of a color similar to their environment can camouflage themselves so that they cannot be easily seen.	1
camouflage	The purpose of camouflage is to remain undetected when stalking or hiding, but...	1
camouflage	The purpose of camouflage is to break up the human outline and allow the hunter to become visually indistinguishable from his surroundings.	1
camouflage	We call this camouflage, which helps protect the animal from enemies.	1
camouflage	Camouflage causes missed detections for any change detec- tion algorithm.	1
camouflage	Skin camouflage and scar camouflage is the process of tattooing the skin...	1
carbon cycle	The carbon cycle is the biogeochemical cycle by which carbon is exchanged between the biosphere, geosphere, hydrosphere and atmosphere of the Earth.	1
carbon cycle	The carbon cycle is the circulation and transformation of carbon back and forth between living things and the environment.	1
carbon cycle	The carbon cycle is the term used to describe the ways in which carbon moves between them, and the proportion of carbon stored in each component.	1
carbon cycle	The carbon cycle is the process of carbon...	1
carbon cycle	The carbon cycle occurs when the carbon atoms are recycled over and over...	1
carbon cycle	The carbon cycle is the exchange of carbon between all of the...	1
carbon cycle	The carbon cycle occurs when carbon dioxide (CO2) is fixed into organic form through the process of photosynthesis.	1
carbon cycle	carbon cycle causes a positive climate-carbon cycle feedback effect and ... simulate historical changes in the global carbon cycle (e.g.	1
carbon cycle	While our understanding .... further assumed that the carbon cycle is the process of energy generation.	1
change	Magnetic energy changes to mechanical energy in a magnetic door latch.	1
change	Light changes to electrical energy in solar path lights.	1
change	A force is what makes it possible to change the position of an object.	1
change	A force can also be used to change the direction that an object is moving.	1
change	Humans have changed their environment by developing communities in areas where living things had to struggle to survive.	1
change	Chemical energy changes to electric energy in a battery.	1
change	Humans have also changed the environment by cultivating (growing) crops and raising animals.	1
change	As humans construct new homes and buildings they change the landscape of the nonliving environment.	1
change	Mechanical energy changes to sound energy by playing a musical instrument.	1
change	Electrical energy changes to sound energy in a door buzzer.	1
change	Mechanical energy changes to sound energy by clapping your hands together.	1
change	Light energy changes to electrical energy in a solar calculator.	1
change	Producers are living things that change the sun's energy to make their own food.	1
change	As the Earth revolves around the sun, its position changes and the amount of sunlight received by Earth also changes.	1
change	Some plants and animals are able to survive the changes while others may not.	1
change	Examples of interactions and conversions (changes) include:	1
change	When there are environmental changes, some plants and animals survive, reproduce, and increase in number, while others die or move to new locations.	1
change	As the physical environment changes over time, plants and animals change and so do the relationships within the ecosystem.	1
change	Problems arise when the balance between the organisms and the available resources and space changes.	1
change	This can change the air quality and lead to pollution.	1
change	If you give that rock a push and it begins to move down the hill, the potential energy is changed to kinetic energy, allowing the rock to move.	1
change	Chemical energy changes to mechanical energy in a gasoline engine.	1
change	As they grow and change over time it is called development.	1
change	Chemical properties are those that involve a change in the object.	1
change	One way to change the paper would be to burn it.	1
change	How might we change the paper chemically?	1
change	We have seen how we can change a physical property of the paper, but still have it remain as paper.	1
change	These changes (adaptations) depend on the environment.	1
change	Individual organisms and species change over long periods of time.	1
change	Moving to a warmer climate in the cold months is another way some animals deal with changes in the weather.	1
change	Water can easily be changed from one phase to another by the addition or removal of heat.	1
change	Each phase change that water goes through has a specific name.	1
change	Chemical changes involve changing the composition of an object, resulting in entirely different properties.	1
change	The energy from the sun heated the water and caused it to evaporate - change from liquid water to water vapor.	1
change	The water vapor cooled and changed from its gaseous state to a liquid state (droplets) on your glass.	1
change	Chemical energy changes to electrical energy in a battery.	1
change	Electrical energy changes to sound in a radio speaker.	1
change	Other animals change their amount of body fat with the seasons.	1
change	Electrical energy changes to mechanical energy in a food mixer.	1
change	Many animals are able to change their body with the seasons.	1
change	How can we change the paper in order to give it different properties but still consider it to be paper?	1
change	Behavior is the way that organisms respond to changes in their environment or to a stimulus.	1
change	The processes of weathering and erosion change the landscape of the Earth on a daily basis.	1
change	Heat changes to light in a flame.	1
change	Chameleons are lizards that can change colors based on the color of their surroundings.	1
change	The force of waves breaking on beaches and cliffs can also change landforms.	1
change	Heat changes to sound in a tea kettle.	1
change	Mechanical energy changes to sound in a piano.	1
change	Physical changes are those that involve changing one or more of the physical properties of matter.	1
change	Some animals are able to change the color of their body covering to that of their surroundings.	1
change	Mechanical energy changes to heat in bicycle brakes.	1
change	Surface waters are heated by the radiation from the sun, which causes the phase change.	1
change	When water vapor changes to liquid water it is called condensation.	1
change	All animals need to sense their surroundings, respond to environmental changes, know where and how to find food, care for their young, and many other things.	1
change	A line graph shows the change in information between two variables.	1
change	Some other changes in energy include:	1
change	The changes frogs and butterflies go through are called metamorphosis.	1
change	Another example of an environmental change would be when there is a natural disaster such as a flood or fire.	1
change	Just as we can describe physical and chemical properties of matter we can describe the physical and chemical changes to matter.	1
change	Animals that change color or are of a color similar to their environment can camouflage themselves so that they cannot be easily seen.	1
change	When liquid water changes to water vapor it is called evaporation.	1
change	Evaporation is defined as the change of water from its liquid phase to its gaseous phase.	1
change	Condensation is defined as the phase change from gas (vapor) to liquid.	1
change	Water vapor is changed to liquid water by removing heat.	1
change	Some offspring are born as one form and change over time into an adult form.	1
change	Harm to the environment can be caused when animals are displaced and the landscape is changed; water runoff, pollution, and so on.	1
change	Melting of ice is a physical change, not a chemical change.	1
change	An example of a plant responding to a change in its environment is leaves falling off trees in fall.	1
change	Tadpoles change into frogs, caterpillars change into butterflies, and mealworms turn into beetles.	1
change	They were made by humans but cannot change or grow on their own.	1
change	The ashes are chemically different from the paper so this is considered a chemical change.	1
change	The position or direction of an object can be changed by applying force.	1
change	Ways that animals respond to changes in their environment, such as seasonal changes include hibernation, migration, growing thick fur, or shivering.	1
change	When animals move to a warmer climate to avoid the change in seasons, we call this migration.	1
change	To change an object from a solid to a liquid you must increase the temperature.	1
change	Liquid water is changed to water vapor by adding heat.	1
chemical change	Just as we can describe physical and chemical properties of matter we can describe the physical and chemical changes to matter.	1
chemical change	An Electrolytic Cell is one in which a physical or chemical change is caused by electrical energy applied from some external source.	1
chemical change	The catalyst structure is the same at the start and the end of the reaction, but the permanent chemical change is the reactant substrate molecule changing into...	1
chemical change	A chemical change occurs when asubstance changes into a different substance.	1
chemical change	Chemical change is the grems and bacteria on the raw turkey dissolving.	1
chemical change	The chemical change is the chemical produced when the copper is melted.	1
chemical change	A chemical change occurs when there is a change in the arrangement of the atoms involved so a different substance with different properties is produced.	1
chemical change	May 4, 2010 ... An example of a chemical change is the reaction between sodium hydroxide and hydrogen chloride to produce sodium chloride, or table salt.	1
chemical change	The criterion for a chemical change is the production of one or more new substances.	1
chemical change	A chemical change occurs when a substance reacts with another...	1
chemical change	An example of chemical change is the fireworks explosion.	1
chemical change	Melting of ice is a physical change, not a chemical change.	1
chemical change	The ashes are chemically different from the paper so this is considered a chemical change.	1
chemical reaction	Chemical reaction is the process of transforming a substance into one or more new...	1
chemical reaction	chemical reaction occurs due to the enlarged contact area between phases.	1
chemical reaction	The required information for modeling the chemical reaction is the reaction rate equation.	1
chemical reaction	The sun's rays fuel the making of carbohydrates which through a chemical reaction causes photosynthesis to occur in the plant.	1
chemical reaction	Jul 12, 2012 ... For other pressure vessels such as reactors, where a chemical reaction is caused by causing the internal pressure of the vessel to be high, the...	1
chemical reaction	If a chemical reaction is caused by an external voltage, or if a voltage is caused by a chemical reaction, as in a Battery (electricity), it is an electrochemical...	1
chemical reaction	The simplest example of a chemical reaction is the irre- versible isomerization reaction.	1
chemical reaction	Chemical reactions occur because different types of molecules interact with ... a chemical reaction occurs due to the breaking of old bonds and the forming of...	1
chemical reaction	The second reason why energy is essential is that it is necessary for chemical reactions to occur.	1
chemical reaction	Chemical reaction occurs when a chemical change takes place; Anytime you have a new substance formed; Burning paper is a result of a chemical reaction...	1
chemical reaction	A chemical reaction is the process of transforming chemical substances into new substances.	1
chemical reaction	Chemical energy is energy that is released when a chemical reaction takes place.	1
chemosynthesis	chemosynthesis is the process by which an organism forms carbohydrates using chemicals rather than light, as an energy source and photosynthesis is the...	1
chemosynthesis	Chemosynthesis is the biological conversion of one or more carbon molecules (usually carbon dioxide or methane) and nutrients into organic matter using the...	1
chemosynthesis	Chemosynthesis is the process of converting inorganic material into food using chemical energy.	1
circulation	Your poor blood circulation causes numbness in your hands and feet, changes in vision, slow-healing wounds and frequent infections.	1
circulation	The heart is necessary for circulation of blood in the body.	1
circulation	The overall circulation is caused by higher latitudes having lesser velocities along a latitude line than ones closer to the equator.	1
circulation	Pulmonary circulation is the process of blood flowing between the heart and lungs to allow for gas exchange.	1
circulation	Coronary circulation is the circulation of blood in the blood vessels of the heart muscle (myocardium).	1
circulation	Cerebral circulation is the movement of blood through the network of blood vessels supplying the brain.	1
circulation	Circulation is the process of drawing water from the pool through the suction line and forcing water back to the pool through the filter and pressure/return line.	1
circulation	Collateral circulation occurs when existing, minor blood vessels that are normally closed open up to reroute blood flow from the coronary artery around the...	1
circulation	Mar 29, 2011 ... Poor leg circulation is caused by peripheral artery disease, a condition in which the arteries in your legs become narrowed or even blocked...	1
circulation	Sometimes the poor, slow circulation causes blockage in a blood vessel.	1
circulation	Healthy circulation occurs when your blood flows smoothly.	1
circulation	the increased circulation helps to increase blood circulation to the brain and deliver a...	1
circulation	According to Medical Online, Poor circulation occurs when the flow of blood through ...	1
circulation	Lowered blood circulation causes red blood cells amount to decrease significantly.	1
classify	Scientists often classify or organize different objects based on their physical properties.	1
combustion	Oxy-fuel combustion is the process of burning a fuel using pure oxygen instead of air as ... contribute to the combustion process, it introduces a major source of...	1
combustion	In the most basic definition, combustion is the process of burning something.	1
combustion	The chemical element oxygen is necessary for combustion to occur.	1
combustion	Oxy-fuel combustion is the process of burning a fuel using pure oxygen instead of air as the primary oxidant.	1
combustion	Oxy-Fuel Combustion is the process of burning coals using oxygen instead of air to discharge most exhaust gases as carbon dioxide, thus maximizing the...	1
combustion	Today's conventional internal combustion engine uses only air as it is necessary for combustion process.	1
combustion	Abnormal combustion occurs when part of the fuel/air mixture ignites spontaneously and burns very rapidly, causing the pressure to rise suddenly.	1
combustion	The utilities, chemical process, pulp and ... layer, by passing the metal through a molten bath of zinc at ... Oxy-fuel combustion is the process of burning a fuel.	1
combustion	Oxy combustion is the process of burning a fuel using pure oxygen instead of air as the primary oxidant.	1
combustion	May 24, 2013 ... Oxy-fuel combustion is the process of burning a fuel using a mix of oxygen and flue gas instead of air.	1
combustion	Jan 22, 1980 ... combustion occurs due to stopping fuel supply.	1
combustion	Combustion is caused by a reaction between two chemicals, which is set off...	1
combustion	combustion occurs due to the incomplete oxidation of CO and therefore the inclusion of.	1
combustion	Oxy-fuel combustion is the process of burning a fuel using pure oxygen instead of air as the primary oxidant.	1
combustion	In situ combustion is the process of injecting air into a reservoir to oxidize a small portion of the hydrocarbons present, to generate heat and pressure.	1
combustion	When a substance burns in air, combustion is the process of reacting a substance with oxygen.	1
combustion	Combustion helps to improve efficiency and power.	1
combustion	Preignition: This type of abnormal combustion occurs when stale fuel mixture is ignited by an unintended source prior to spark plug firing.	1
combustion	In this study, in order to determine the conditions by which spontaneous combustion occurs due to long stays of coals under natural weather...	1
combustion	Aug 14, 2013 ... Oxidation firing is a process where complete and perfect combustion occurs when sufficient oxygen is supplied, converting all the fuel into...	1
combustion	Complete combustion occurs when excess oxygen is present; this type of reaction produces carbon dioxide and water.	1
combustion	Incomplete combustion occurs when the oxygen supply is limited.	1
combustion	Combustion is the process of burning something.	1
combustion	sustaining combustion occurs due to irradiation and collisions of the particles.	1
condensation	Water vapor changing to liquid water is condensation.	1
condensation	Condensation is the process of water vapor changing back into liquid water.	1
condensation	Condensation is the word used to describe what occurs when water vapour in the air is changed into liquid water on a cool surface.	1
condensation	Interior window condensation is caused by excessive moisture in the house, and it often occurs in the winter when the warm air inside the...	1
condensation	Most often, window condensation is caused by excessively moist conditions in the home.	1
condensation	As the sun interacts ... Condensation is the process of a gas changing to a liquid.	1
condensation	Freezing a liquid to a ... Condensation is the process of a gas turning into a liquid, and evaporation i...	1
condensation	Finally, some students may not recognize that cooling is necessary for condensation.	1
condensation	When water vapor changes to liquid water it is called condensation.	1
condensation	Condensation is the dampness formed when air laden with moisture is cooled by contact with a cold surface.	1
condensation	Condensation occurs due to appearance of a normal mode, precisely analogous to the Cooperon in a superconductor. '	1
condensation	Oct 17, 2012 ... Warm-front condensation occurs when warm, damp air gets into a cold house.	1
condensation	Condensation occurs when warmer moist air comes in contact with cold surfaces such as framing members, windows and other accessories, or the colder region...	1
condensation	The most frequently used method of preventing condensation is the installation of a vapor retarder on the warm side of the wall.	1
condensation	Condensation is the process by which vapor changes back into a...	1
condensation	In this case, condensation occurs due to lower free energy of the condensed state caused by higher number of bound ligands (per base pair, cs < cc) for any...	1
condensation	Condensation is the process of going from gas to liquid.	1
condensation	To know that condensation is the process of gas cooling to form a liquid.	1
condensation	Water vapor condenses into a liquid after making contact with the surface of a ... Water is the product of its vapor condensationcondensation is the process of...	1
condensation	Condensation occurs due to repeated heating and cooling cycles (induced by the motor cycling on and off) substantial amounts of water can accumulate in the...	1
condensation	Oct 15, 2013 ... OTOH, if the release of the heat of condensation is the primary driver, they should expand.	1
condensation	This could be a good decision if the majority of the condensation is caused by the glass and not by the window frame.	1
condensation	On the contrary, upon the Sun the temperature is so high that it can decrease to what is necessary for condensation of vapor only at a height where the density of...	1
condensation	Condensation occurs when saturated air moves upward.	1
condensation	Compared to particles formed by traditional inert gas condensation methods .... Condensation is the process of cluster growth via collisions with vapor phase...	1
condensation	in this booklet to help you identify and reduce condensation as well as ... Condensation is caused by water vapour or moisture from inside the home coming into.	1
condensation	Condensation is the process of a substance in a gaseous state transforming into a liquid state.	1
condense	Water from the atmosphere returns to the rivers and lakes on the surface of the Earth as the air cools and water molecules condense.	1
condense	Clouds form when water in the atmosphere condenses on dust particles suspended in the air.	1
conduction	Conduction helps to keep a fire going by transferring heat energy...	1
conduction	Through conduction, energy is transferred from atom to atom by direct contact; at the edges of a compost pile, conduction causes heat loss to the surrounding air...	1
conduction	Jul 2, 2010 ... Heat conduction is the process of heat transfer across a stationary medium, either solid or fluid.	1
conduction	Conduction is the process by which heat moves directly into the molecules of cooler objects in contact with its surface.	1
conduction	May 30, 2014 ... physiological homeostasis describes the complete process in which the ... Conduction is the process of heat-transfer directly from a place of...	1
conduction	Heat conduction helps to cook this meat.	1
conduction	Conduction occurs when two things that have different temperatures come into contact with each other.	1
conduction	In heat transfer, gaseous conduction occurs when gas molecules collide and transfer their kinetic energy.	1
conduction	Conduction is the process of heat flow from molecule to molecule in a solid substance.	1
conduction	In metallic conductors, the conduction occurs due to the movement of electrons under the influence of applied electrical potential.	1
conduction	Conduction is the process of heat transfer.	1
conduction	the heat conduction is the phonon-lattice interaction, there- fore, the heat conduction obeys the Fourier heat law, but the heat flux is bigger than in the standard...	1
conservation	wild life conservation is caused by humans that want more territory.	1
conservation	Soil conservation is the best way to make sure that we have the land we need to live on or, in my case, live in.	1
conservation	Conservation is the process of repairing damaged material using acceptable ... Conservation treatment is performed using materials and methods that are...	1
conservation	In addition there are numerous independent nonprofit organizations that also promote various wildlife conservation causes.	1
conservation	Water conservation is the most cost-effective and environmentally-sound way to reduce our demand for water.	1
conservation	Water conservation occurs due to the interception of water by trees.	1
conservation	Ecology is necessary for conservation and resource management, but it is not sufficient.	1
conservation	Jul 19, 2015 ... Renewable energy conservation is the process of conserving energy by using energy sources that can be replenished.	1
conservation	In-situ conservation helps to conserve millions of species through the protection of natural areas and is the primary means for the maintenance of these...	1
contour plowing	Contour plowing is the farming practice of plowing across a slopefollowing its elevation contour lines.	1
contour plowing	Apr 6, 2015 ... ... as much in the horizontal plane as possibleas possible Contour plowing is the single most effective method for reducingContour plowing is...	1
convection	Convection is the process of thermal energy (heat energy) transfer through movement of a fluid (liquid or gas).	1
convection	Convection is the process of losing heat through the movement of air or water molecules across the skin.	1
convection	convection is the positive or negative buoyancy of the fluid, and the primary characteristics of the convection pattern can hence be analyzed without regard to the.	1
convection	May 23, 2000 ... As in nature, convection occurs when and where the atmosphere is unstable and the convection drives the atmosphere back to neutrality as...	1
convection	Thermal convection occurs due to density changes of the material caused by temperature variations: heated material rises towards the surface because of its...	1
convection	The process of convection occurs when groups of molecules are displaced to the vicinity of slower or faster molecules and mix with them.	1
convection	Natural convection occurs when hot fluid or air rises, displacing cooler fluid/air.	1
convection	Convection occurs when heat is transferred by the movement of liquids or gases.	1
convection	Oct 1, 2005 ... convection helps to precondition the atmosphere for MJO by moistening the lower troposphere.	1
convection	eliminating buoyancy-driven convection helps to ensure that the transport of species is governed by diffusion alone.	1
convection	Convection is the process of transporting heat via the motion of the fluid.	1
convection	Convection is the process of air or water flowing by the skin and carrying away body heat.	1
convection	Aug 16, 2007 ... situation are found when weak convection occurs due to absorption of solar radiation around noon in mid-summer.	1
convection	Abstract This research investigated the flow and convective heat transfer ..... natural convection occurs due to heated air at the center of the space between the...	1
convection	This convection helps to homogenize the cloud-containing layer, frequently couples this layer to the surface which is the source of moisture.	1
crop rotation	The purpose of crop rotation is to help the soil maintain a healthy...	1
crop rotation	Crop rotation helps to reduce soil diseases and fungi by giving them time to die out before replanting a similar crop in the bed.	1
crop rotation	Besides the mentioned potential benefits, crop rotation helps to protect soil from eroding and makes it possible to use the land in another period during the year.	1
crop rotation	Crop rotation is the process of planting different crops on the same land in sequential seasons.	1
crop rotation	Crop rotation is the pre- determined sequence of crops that one grows on a certain field (Figure...	1
crop rotation	Crop rotation helps to create a biodivers soil which reduces the chance of soil bound organisms to get a pest and reducing the use of pesticides (see annexes)...	1
crop rotation	The purpose of crop rotation is to help maintain the balance of nutrients, organic matter, and microorganisms necessary for healthy soil.	1
crop rotation	Integrated Crop Management requires a recognition of the fact that a diverse crop rotation is the most effective indirect means of maintaining soil fertility and...	1
crop rotation	Crop rotation helps to replenish the soil with vital nutrients.	1
crop rotation	Crop rotation helps to eradicate weeds, insects and plant diseases.	1
cross-pollination	wind, whereas cross-pollination is caused by large flying insects such as bees and wasps.	1
crossbreeding	Crossbreeding is the recommended breeding strategy for commercial meat sheep and meat goat production.	1
crossbreeding	The purpose of crossbreeding is to produce progeny which are more disease resistant, healthier and hardier.	1
crossbreeding	Hey Barb and Mitchell - crossbreeding is the process of transferring pollen from one cultivar of a plant to another female part of another plant of...	1
crossbreeding	The purpose of crossbreeding is to achieve genetic improve- ment by retaining the favorable traits and minimizing the weakness of parental species.	1
decomposition	Aeration of the interior of the pile is necessary for decomposition to continue.	1
decomposition	But I am also going to tell ... Decomposition is caused by fungi, bacteria, insects and other scavengers.	1
decomposition	Apr 24, 2012 ... Decomposition causes tissue to decay, making the animals difficult to study.	1
decomposition	The importance of the immune system is apparent when you think about how quickly decomposition occurs when an organism dies.	1
decomposition	Decomposition is the process by which organic substances are broken down into a much simpler form of matter.	1
decomposition	The decomposition occurs due to a variety of different agents such as micro-organisms (enzymes, bacteria and fungi), smaller organisms (insects) and larger...	1
decomposition	The final stage of the biological decomposition occurs when methanogenic micro-organisms biodegrade the organic acids produced in the nonmethanogenic...	1
decomposition	Decomposition occurs when the tree dies and its nutrients are recycled back into the environment.	1
decomposition	Decomposition is the first stage in the recycling of nutrients that have been used by an organism (plant or animal) to build its body, and are surrendered back to...	1
deposit	Weathering, erosion, and deposition result from the interactions between air, land, and water.	1
deposit	Erosion and deposition result from the interaction between air, water, and land.	1
deposition	deposition is caused by the increase of shear rate in the low- permeability rocks, which accelerates the deposition process, es- pecially of the partly dispersed...	1
deposition	Another type of sedimentary deposition occurs when material is dissolved in water, and chemically precipitates from the water.	1
deposition	The deposition occurs when radium decays in porous soil and radon gas escapes into the atmosphere at a rate directly proportional to uncovered land masses.	1
deposition	The increased advective motion which occurs at high energy deposition helps to offset this effect by moving more N atoms outside the streamer region...	1
deposition	The reduced collagen deposition is caused by near absence of collagen telopeptide hydroxylation in the proband collagen.	1
deposition	Deposition occurs when sediment concentration in runoff exceeds transport capacity of the flow, while soil detachment occurs whenever sediment load in flow is...	1
deposition	surface by carbon deposition helps to synthesize better quality copper nanostructures in the pore channels of.	1
deposition	fluids and in which ore deposition is caused by mixing of these fluids.	1
deposition	Urate deposition occurs due to impaired renal excretion of uric acid or to excess production of uric acid overloading the ability of the kidneys to excrete this...	1
deposition	Jun 12, 2009 ... extent of the deposition is caused by a combination of the predominant wind characteristics in the SFB Area and local and regional terrain.	1
deposition	Jul 6, 2009 ... Nitrogen deposition causes widespread loss of species richness in British habitats.	1
deposition	most accepted suggestions is that the non-metallic deposition is caused by transport of inclusions, present in the steel melt to the nozzle surface, followed by...	1
deposition	Specifically, the results indicate that Au deposition causes dissociation of the InP bonds, while covering the surface with a continuous layer of...	1
deposition	Weathering, erosion, and deposition result from the interactions between air, land, and water.	1
deposition	Aug 1, 2013 ... environmental problems, acid deposition is caused by the cumulative actions of millions of individual people.	1
deposition	Atmospheric Deposition: Atmospheric deposition occurs when pollutants in the air fall on the land or water.	1
deposition	Jun 8, 2010 ... Deposition is the reverse of sublimation.	1
deposition	Atmospheric deposition occurs when pollution in the air falls to the ground in the form of dust, raindrops or just by gravity, eventually ending up in streams, lakes...	1
deposition	Feb 15, 2010 ... 2010 Nitrogen deposition causes widespread loss of species richness in British habitats.	1
deposition	Therefore, the electrochemical copper deposition is the process of choice, as it provides highly pure and crystalline copper.	1
deposition	simultaneous deposition causes metastable structures.	1
deposition	Deposition is the process of sediments settling and accumulating from a moving fluid (wind, water, or ice).	1
deposition	Because deposition is the net difference between the particles that deposit and those that are resuspended, it is believed to be more accurate to.	1
deposition	Jun 21, 2011 ... Dry deposition occurs when molecules sorb onto a surface or when aerosol particles fall down onto a surface due to gravitational pull, which...	1
deposition	Wax deposition occurs when paraffinic components in crude oil (alkanes with carbon numbers greater than 20) precipitate and deposit on the cold pipeline wall...	1
deposition	Erosion and deposition result from the interaction between air, water, and land.	1
deposition	The influence of relative sea level rise on shoreface deposition helps to elucidate changes in beach and nearshore geomorphology in response to different...	1
destroy	Crops and vegetation can be damaged or destroyed.	1
diffusion	Gas movement by diffusion occurs due to molecular interactions.	1
diffusion	Sep 21, 2005 ... Diffusion is caused by water molecular random motion, so-called Brownian motion, and it is able to change the intensity of local magnetic field...	1
diffusion	Diffusion is the process of transferring matter from an area of high concentration to an area of low concentration under the influence of thermal energy.	1
diffusion	Dec 2, 2014 ... Diffusion is caused by complicated physical movement such as psychrometric difference and Brownian motion.	1
diffusion	Diffusion is caused by molecule movement energy, thermal conductivity and concentration of gas molecules, while filtration is governed by pressure gradient.	1
diffusion	Aug 15, 1996 ... volume is necessary for diffusion to occur.	1
diffusion	Simple passive diffusion occurs when small molecules pass through the lipid bilayer of a cell membrane.	1
diffusion	Diffusion occurs due to Brownian motion, a jittery random motion of particles.	1
diffusion	Diffusion occurs when the spontaneous net movement of particles or molecules spreads them from an area of high concentration to an area of low concentration...	1
diffusion	Diffusion is the process of a substance spreading out from its origin.	1
diffusion	Diffusion occurs due to the concentration differences of the pollutants in the air.	1
diffusion	Diffusion is the process of movement of liquid or air from its higher concentration to the lower concentration.	1
diffusion	Diffusion occurs due to the random movement of chemical molecules.	1
diffusion	Diffusion is the process of a substance spreading out to evenly fill its container or environment.	1
digestion	The mouth helps in digestion and respiration.	1
digestion	Jul 4, 2011 ... Digestion is the process by which food is broken down into absorbable nutrients in your body.	1
digestion	The active role of the stomach in digestion helps to convert foods into chemical forms that the body can utilize.	1
digestion	Physical digestion occurs when food is broken down into smaller pieces by the...	1
digestion	Digestion is the process by which food is changed into substances that can be absorbed and used...	1
digestion	Sep 28, 2014 ... Peristalsis No digestion occurs The stomach Physical digestion occurs due to muscles in the stomach which churns the food forming The...	1
digestion	During digestion nutrients are taken into the body.	1
digestion	Food begins its journey through the digestive system in the mouth, also .... Digestion is the process of turning large pieces of food into its component chemicals.	1
digestion	The purpose of digestion is to reduce the amount of organic matter and the...	1
digestion	Digestion is the process of preparation of food for absorption from the alimentary canal into the blood stream and elimination of the unabsorbed residue from.	1
digestion	Digestion is the process by which food is broken down into its smallest parts, which can then be absorbed into the bloodstream.	1
digestion	Without the digestive system, our bodies could not take in food, ... Chemical digestion is the process of breaking down foods using digestive juices called...	1
digestion	Apr 17, 2014 ... devoid of oxygen, anaerobic digestion produces byproducts such as ... digestion is the process of breaking down organic waste through the...	1
digestion	Digestion is the process by which food molecules are broken down into smaller molecules that are able to be absorbed by the gut tissue.	1
digestion	The taste buds signal the stomach to excrete hydrochloric acid, which is necessary for digestion of proteins and other food components.	1
digestion	The nutrients in food give the body's cells the energy and other substances they need to operate, and digestion is the process of breaking down food and drink...	1
digestion	Digestion is the process of changing food into a form that the body can absorb and use as energy or as the raw materials to repair and build new tissue.	1
dripping	The bacon dripping helps to give the soup loads of flavour despite...	1
eclipse	An annular solar eclipse occurs when the Moon moves in front of the Sun but does not cover the Sun's discs completely.	1
eclipse	A solar eclipse occurs when the moon comes between the sun and the Earth.	1
eclipse	For the observer, the important point for a penumbral eclipse is the least separation between the moon's limb and the edge of the umbra.	1
eclipse	Any solar eclipse is an interesting event, but a total solar eclipse is the most spectacular astronomical phenomenon that you'll ever see.	1
eclipse	May 9, 2012 ... An annular solar eclipse occurs when the moon does not completely obscure the sun, leaving a bright ring around the moon's disk.	1
eclipse	A lunar eclipse occurs when the Moon enters the Earth's shadow.	1
eclipse	During a lunar eclipse, the moon appears to be a reddish-orange color when viewed from Earth.	1
eclipse	A lunar eclipse occurs when the Earth comes between the sun and a full moon.	1
eclipse	There are two types of eclipses involving the sun, moon, and Earth.	1
eclipse	When one celestial body moves into the shadow of another, the event is known as an eclipse.	1
eclipse	Solar eclipses occur during new moons.	1
erosion	Gully erosion is caused by running water; it typically occurs as a result of the digging of a river channel.	1
erosion	Soil erosion is the process of removal of superficial layer of the soil from one...	1
erosion	Feb 1, 2013 ... Coast erosion is the process of wearing away material from the coastal profile due to imbalance in the supply and export of material from a...	1
erosion	Wind erosion is caused by the action of the wind on the soil surface and is the process by which fine soil particles are carried away.	1
erosion	Forms from pieces of pre-existing rocks; Weathering is the process of breaking down a pre-existing rock, and erosion is the process of moving the pieces of rock...	1
erosion	Erosion is the process of detachment and transport of soil particles by erosive agents (Ellison, 1944).	1
erosion	"Rill erosion is caused by concentration of runoff in small channels called ""rills."""	1
erosion	Bulk erosion occurs when the rate at which water penetrates the device exceeds that at which the polymer is converted into water-soluble materials (resulting in...	1
erosion	Erosion is the process of transporting weathered...	1
erosion	spherical shell strain counterbalances thermal erosion depends on factors such as divergence rate (rapid divergence favours thermal erosion), convergence.	1
erosion	May 6, 2004 ... [3] Soil erosion occurs when the wind speed exceeds a certain threshold.	1
erosion	Dec 18, 2013 ... Rill erosion occurs when runoff water forms small channels as it concentrates down a slope.	1
erosion	Wind erosion occurs when the energy of wind is suffi cient to detach and transport soil particles.	1
erosion	The Schools of the Pacific Rainfall and Climate Experiment notes that coastal erosion occurs due to wave and current activity, storms, earthquakes, wind, tides...	1
erosion	Erosion is the process of carrying soil from one location to another.	1
erosion	Soil erosion is caused by disturbance of a land surface.	1
erosion	n Splash Erosion: This type of erosion is caused by the impact of raindrops on bare or sparsely vegetated soil.	1
erosion	Rocks are weathered, broken down, and then carried away through the action of erosion.	1
erosion	The processes of weathering and erosion work together over time.	1
erosion	Examples of erosion include:	1
erosion	Weathering, erosion, and deposition result from the interactions between air, land, and water.	1
erosion	Water, wind, and gravity are all forces involved in erosion.	1
erosion	The processes of weathering and erosion change the landscape of the Earth on a daily basis.	1
erosion	Highly eroded fields in southern Brazil cultivated with no-till, where soil erosion is caused by low residue density, compacted soils and absence...	1
evaporation	Evaporation is the process of a substance in a liquid state changing to a gaseous state due to an increase in temperature and/or pressure....	1
evaporation	Evaporation is the process of converting water into water vapor through...	1
evaporation	The primary driving force in case of evaporation is the incoming solar radiation.	1
evaporation	Evaporation is the process of turning a liquid, at its saturation temperature, into vapor.	1
evaporation	Evaporation is caused by water turning into a vapour and escaping from your pond.	1
evaporation	Evaporation is the process of changing water from liquid to gas.	1
evaporation	Evaporation is the process of vaporization of solvent from solution in order to increase the concentration of the solute.	1
evaporation	thors2325 have reported that BaO evaporation occurs due to prolonged high-temperature synthesis.	1
evaporation	Evaporation is the process of vaporising the solvent from a solution to produce.	1
evaporation	The solvent evaporation occurs due to the inlet of hot gases ( dispersed phase ) into the liquid solution (continuous phase ), A simplied diagram is presented in...	1
evaporation	Evaporation is the process of water turning.	1
evaporation	The evaporation depends on factors such as the solar radiation, the wind, the temperature.	1
evaporation	Jul 22, 2015 ... As most of us know, evaporation is the process by which liquid water turns into water vapor.	1
evaporation	Evaporation is the process of losing heat through the conversion of water to gas.	1
evaporation	Clouds get their water from evaporation.	1
evaporation	Water from the oceans enters the atmosphere through evaporation.	1
evaporation	When liquid water changes to water vapor it is called evaporation.	1
evaporation	During step 1, evaporation occurs due to the elevated vessel temperature.	1
evaporation	Evaporation is caused by heat, the energy of molecules in motion.	1
evaporation	Evaporation occurs when we sweat and the tiny droplets of liquid are converted into vapor.	1
evaporation	Liquid water changing to water vapor is evaporation.	1
evaporation	Evaporation is the process of changing from liquid to gas.	1
evolution	We measure time on Earth based on both the rotation of the Earth on its axis and its revolution around the sun.	1
evolution	Because of the tilt and the Earth's position around the sun during its revolution the Earth experiences four distinct seasons: winter, spring, summer, and fall.	1
evolution	The movement of the moon around the Earth is called revolution.	1
evolution	Evolution occurs when organisms exhibit differences in.	1
evolution	Evolution is the process of change that has transformed life on Earth from its earliest beginnings to the diversity of organisms living today.	1
evolution	Evolution is the process by which one species changes into other species during long periods of time.	1
evolution	Nov 9, 2012 ... Form criticism is also rooted with the assumption that evolution is the process of progression from the simple to the complex.2Kebler describes...	1
evolution	As the purpose of evolution is to increase the amount of information a genome contains regarding its environment, the reversible molecular switch must contain...	1
evolution	We have to always remember, that evolution is caused by totally accidental mutations, though due to existance of natural selection, it may be expected, that...	1
evolution	Micro-evolution is caused by small changes to the gene pool that can alter the appearance or the internal structure of the life form to keep it well adapted for its.	1
evolution	First, the law proves that natural selection is necessary for evolution to occur.	1
evolution	Abstract: Species range limits are paradoxically viewed as either diversifying areas, where niche evolution occurs due to adaptations in novel environments,...	1
evolution	variety is necessary for evolution through population dynamics.	1
evolution	Divergent evolution occurs due to habitat changes, alterations in a primary food source, interbreeding or any change that dramatically alters the way in which a...	1
evolution	Evolution is the process of adaptation through mutation which allows more desirable characteristics to be passed to the next generation.	1
evolution	Evolution occurs when there is change in the genetic material -- the chemical molecule, DNA -- which is inherited from the parents, and especially in the...	1
evolution	Evolution is the process of change in all forms of life over generations.	1
evolution	Students should have the understanding that evolution is the process by which life progresses from one form into another.	1
evolution	random mating is necessary for evolution to occur variation does not exist between members of the same species populations will change to better fit their...	1
evolution	Evolution is the slow process that changes animals and plants and it's a great piece of science!	1
evolution	One complete revolution of the moon around the Earth takes approximately one month.	1
evolution	The different phases of the moon as seen from Earth are caused by the revolution of the moon around the Earth.	1
evolution	Evolution is the process of organisms' inherited traits changing from generation to generation.	1
extinction	In biology and ecology, extinction is the end of an organism or of a group of organisms (taxon), normally a species.	1
extinction	According to researchers, in modern times, the mass extinction is caused by freak acts of nature.	1
extinction	In operant conditioning, extinction occurs when a behavior is no longer followed by a reinforcer.	1
fertilization	The flower is colorful and has a pleasant scent that attracts birds and insects to help with fertilization.	1
freeze	Sleet and snow are more common in the winter months when the temperature is cold enough to freeze water.	1
freeze	Water trapped inside the cracks of rocks may freeze and cause the rocks to break apart.	1
freeze	When the water freezes, it expands, making the crack even larger, and in some cases, breaks the rock.	1
freezing	Freezing is the process that causes a substance to change from a liquid to a solid.	1
freezing	As such, freezing occurs when liquid water comes into contact with the cold ground and object surfaces.	1
freezing	Supposedly flash freezing causes smaller ice crystals, which minimize this from happening.	1
freezing	Rain can occur anytime during the year as long as the outside temperature is above the freezing point of water.	1
freezing	Once the outside temperature drops below the freezing point of water, it is more likely that the precipitation will be in the form of snow.	1
freezing	Sleet is freezing rain falling from the sky.	1
freezing	Melting is the opposite of freezing and involves changing water from its solid state (ice) to a liquid state by the addition of heat.	1
freezing	Freezing causes the formation of ice crystals, which make muscle fiber swell and cause their physical separation.	1
freezing	Liquid water changing to ice is called freezing.	1
friction	In this study, it is considered that the friction occurs due to adhesive forces between the surfaces in sliding contact and its mechanical stiffness...	1
friction	Friction is caused by ploughing and adhesion between contacting surface asperities.	1
friction	Ans: Friction occurs due to ploughing (due to surface roughness) and adhesion (due to.	1
friction	Jul 31, 2012 ... Because friction is the process of transformation and dissipation of mechanical energy into other kinds of energy, an energy-based concept...	1
friction	In such a case, the friction is caused by surface roughness, although the adhesion effect still plays a part in the abrasion.	1
friction	When two objects slide over one another friction can occur.	1
friction	When an object travels slowly over a bumpy surface and fast over a smooth surface the difference is due to friction.	1
friction	Friction is caused by forces between two things when they touch, like when you drag your foot along the sidewalk and feel and hear the...	1
friction	Jan 15, 2010 ... and groin are two areas where moisture collects and friction occurs due to the frequent rubbing of skin and thereby provide optimal.	1
friction	Dec 6, 2000 ... ... established how much friction is caused by mechanical forces alone -- that is, how difficult it is physically to move one molecule past another.	1
friction	The smoother the surface, the less friction against an object, so the faster it will move.	1
friction	The amount of friction that an object encounters depends on its smoothness.	1
friction	The box pushed across the floor will eventually stop because of the force, or friction, the floor has on the box.	1
friction	Objects being pushed over a smooth surface will move easier due to less friction.	1
germination	Oct 9, 2014 ... Germination is the process of the embryo emerging from the seed.	1
germination	Seeds contain stored food that aids in germination (sprouting) and the growth of new young plants.	1
germination	Germination is the process by which a seed begins its development into a mature plant.	1
germination	Germination is the process by which a seed grows into a new plant.	1
germination	Seed germination is the process of growth of the embryo into a functional plant.	1
germination	Germination occurs when a seed sprouts (usually caused by changes of temperature and moisture); Monocots have 1 seed leaf (cotyledon), Dicots have 2 seed...	1
germination	In this lab, the volume of O2 consumed by germinating and non-germinating .... Germination causes a higher rate of respiration than the non-germinating peas.	1
germination	The improvement in germination is caused by the softening of the seed coat and the ensuring of adequate water absorption by the living tissues.	1
germination	shock induced germination occurs when a seed or fruit wall that is impermeable to water.	1
germination	GA stimulates germination and its synthesis upon seed imbibition is necessary for germination to take place.	1
germination	There are a number of resources and issues related to prairie-oak bird ...... germination occurs due to lack of available space or resources) for each species.	1
germination	Seed germination is the process of sprouting of a seed and beginning of growth.	1
germination	Germination occurs when the hard outer seed coat is abraded by waves on sand and gravel.	1
grafting	Root grafting occurs when trees in close growing proximity may have roots that contact and join.	1
grafting	Grafting is the art of cloning plants by taking a piece of tissue (usually a bud, or a twig with one or more buds)...	1
grafting	Apr 15, 2014 ... Top-grafting is the process of changing a tree from one cultivar to another by means of grafting.	1
grafting	Grafting is the process of introducing the stem of one plant into another plant in order for them to join together through their vascular tissue.	1
gravity	We will look first at the theory that gravity is caused by static charges.	1
gravity	Gravity causes erosion by pulling dirt, rocks and soil downward.	1
gravity	The astronaut does not experience gravity while in outer space.	1
gravity	Eventually, the particles that are being moved by water, wind, and/or gravity will stop moving.	1
gravity	It is gravity that keeps everything from flying away.	1
gravity	I dont think that gravity is caused by centrifugal force, if it would be so, we would have no gravity at the poles, and more at the equator.	1
gravity	The localization of gravity occurs due to an attractive force potential of delta...	1
gravity	Gravity causes a force on the center of mass of m g in the vertical direction leading to.	1
gravity	The force that pulls objects toward the Earth is gravity.	1
gravity	Feb 3, 2013 ... For Newton, gravity is caused by mass attraction.	1
gravity	When you jump up in the air, you come back down to the ground due to gravity.	1
gravity	Planets with moons tend to be more stable in their rotation axis, because the moon's gravity helps to stabilize their spin.	1
gravity	Water, wind, and gravity are all forces involved in erosion.	1
hail	Sep 18, 2014 ... can become hail, large amount of droplets aloft is necessary for hail formation.	1
hail	Lightning, hail, and tornados are associated with severe thunderstorms.	1
hail	Examples of precipitation include rain, snow, sleet, and hail.	1
hail	Wonderful though it sounds, the invention, unsurprisingly, did not work since hail is caused by thunderstorms with strong updrafts and unstable air mass, rather...	1
hail	The formation of hail is caused by the supercooling of uplifted liquid below freezing temperatures during severe...	1
hail	Hail occurs when ice pellets falling from the top of the cloud collect a film of moisture as they descend.	1
hail	Hail is caused by a strong updraft in a storm system, the same updraft that causes thunderstorms.	1
hail	Feb 19, 2013 ... Hail is the formed when an object, including dust or particles in the air, collides with supercooled water.	1
help	Humans can help save their environment by recycling, planting trees, preventing litter, limiting use of cars, creating new forms of energy, and conserving energy.	1
help	Frogs are able to swim with the help of a tail during the tadpole phase.	1
help	Birds have wings that are long and angled to help them fly.	1
help	A fish has a flipper or fin that helps them swim.	1
help	Fish have fins to help them move.	1
help	Birds have wings to help them move.	1
help	Animals take in food as a nutrient to give them energy and help them grow.	1
help	All animals have different structures that have different jobs or functions to help in growth, survival, and reproduction.	1
help	The mouth helps in digestion and respiration.	1
help	The flower is colorful and has a pleasant scent that attracts birds and insects to help with fertilization.	1
help	The flower helps the plant reproduce because it contains the pollen and eggs.	1
help	Water helps living things survive by moving materials.	1
help	To help make more detailed observations scientists often use tools.	1
help	Simple machines are tools with very few parts that help us work.	1
help	When this happens we use tools, or machines, to help us do work.	1
help	Often the force we need in order to do the work is too much for one person and we need help.	1
help	Humans can help the environment in many ways:	1
help	While it is nice to have cars, planes, and trains for transportation, these machines give off gases that are not helpful to the atmosphere.	1
help	They help in plant growth.	1
help	Each part of the pyramid represents the proper amounts of each type of food that will help you stay healthy.	1
help	Brushing our teeth removes the food and helps keep them strong.	1
help	Because of their size, elephants move very slowly, so having good hearing helps protect them from predators.	1
help	They also have very large ear flaps that help them hear.	1
help	A beak helps the bird capture and take in food.	1
help	Depending on how the organism lives, their arm and/or wing adapted to help it survive.	1
help	Body fat is a form of stored energy and helps animals get through long periods of time with little food.	1
help	This helps to regulate their body heat.	1
help	These smells and sounds can attract other animals so that they can mate or they can help them fight an enemy.	1
help	Think of a lion's golden fur, which helps it blend into the desert landscape.	1
help	We call this camouflage, which helps protect the animal from enemies.	1
help	Lobsters and crabs protect themselves with their claws, turtles have shells, porcupines have spines, birds use their feathers, and others have fur or scales to help protect them from predators.	1
help	All animals have different structures that have different jobs or functions to help with growth, survival, and reproduction.	1
help	The diaphragm is a muscle that moves up and down as we inhale and exhale and helps the lungs take in and let out air.	1
help	The body systems work like a machine and each system works to help the animal grow, create energy, and survive.	1
help	Each organ system has a specific function that helps the organism to survive.	1
help	These colors and smells attract birds and insects to visit them and help with the reproduction process.	1
help	With the help of animals (insects and birds), rain, and wind, flowers can be pollinated (fertilized) so that seeds can be formed that will grow into new plants.	1
help	Nutrients are taken in through the roots from the soil and help the plant survive.	1
help	This waste, when mixed into the soil, can be very helpful to growing plants.	1
help	Plants get their nutrients from the soil, which helps them grow and perform photosynthesis.	1
help	Dogs have legs to help them move.	1
hibernate	Bears hibernate but before doing so they eat a great deal of food to increase their body fat.	1
hibernate	Some animals hibernate during the winter months.	1
hibernate	"Feb 1, 2006 ... Hibernate is the same as ""to sleep,"" and the opposite of ""to sleep"" is ""to awaken""."	1
hibernate	A bear would hibernate during the winter season.	1
absorb	Sometimes the precipitation happens too quickly and the ground cannot absorb all of the water.	1
absorb	The roots of the plant take in (absorb) water.	1
absorb	When the ground absorbs the water and it settles below the surface, it is called groundwater.	1
absorb	Clouds can block the Earth's ability to absorb light and heat from the sun and therefore can affect temperature.	1
absorb	Adaptation examples can include: roses have thorns for protection, cacti hold water to survive in the desert, and palm trees have wide leaves to absorb extra sunlight.	1
absorb	The digested food then moves into the intestine where the nutrients are absorbed into the blood.	1
absorb	The leaves of the plant absorb carbon dioxide.	1
absorb	The leaves of the plant absorb sunlight.	1
absorb	The two functions of the roots are to anchor and absorb.	1
absorb	Roots absorb water and nutrients from the soil into the plant.	1
absorb	It is absorbed (taken in) by the leaves and is necessary for the plant to produce food.	1
absorb	When precipitation falls to the Earth, the water is eventually absorbed (taken in) by the ground.	1
absorption	Jul 10, 2015 ... ... shock absorption depends on factors such as time, segment kinematics, tissue compressibility and elasticity, and vision preceding the impact.	1
absorption	Absorption is the process of taking water, food, and oxygen into the cells.	1
absorption	Light absorption occurs when atoms or molecules take up the energy of a photon of light, thereby reducing the transmission of light as it is passed through a...	1
absorption	It is assumed that such absorption occurs due to the excitation of void.	1
absorption	while physical absorption occurs when the body is in contact with media such ss molecular sieves, activated alumina, or silica gels.	1
absorption	Absorption occurs when an object takes in the light wave.	1
absorption	Jul 2, 2014 ... Absorption occurs when an object completely takes in the signal and retains some or all of it.	1
absorption	ABSORPTION (A) - Absorption is the process by which a liquid is drawn into and tends ...	1
acceleration	Acceleration occurs due to the application of force to a mass (f=ma,...	1
acceleration	As defined by KE =1/2 mv^2, acceleration is the process of gaining kinetic energy, so the greater the power delivered, the quicker it gains kinetic energy.	1
acceleration	this acceleration causes inertial forces to occur in the direction perpendicular to the plane of Wall (A).	1
adaptation	Leaves and stems developing tough outer coatings to protect the plant from the environment is a plant adaptation.	1
adaptation	Stems becoming thicker to prevent water loss is a plant adaptation.	1
adaptation	Roots growing longer to reach the water supply is a plant adaptation.	1
adaptation	A giraffe's long neck is a trait that can be considered an adaptation.	1
adaptation	Colored or patterned leaves and/or flowers in order to blend into the environment are a plant adaptation.	1
adaptation	Large leaves to increase surface area for photosynthesis are a plant adaptation.	1
adaptation	Thorns on stems to protect the plant from being eaten are a plant adaptation.	1
adaptation	In general, adaptation is the process of responding to change.	1
adaptation	They can be bent to an angle of up to 180 and then restore to their original shape, which is necessary for adaptation inside a living system.	1
adaptation	Schlossberg (1981), adaptation occurs when an individual is able to integrate transition into her life.	1
adaptation	The purpose of adaptation is to better fit the needs of a new population, location, language, or mode, or any combination of these ([6] [7] [10];...	1
adaptation	These changes (adaptations) depend on the environment.	1
adaptation	Some plant adaptations might include:	1
asexual reproduction	other hand, asexual reproduction is the biologi- cal process whereby an organism creates a genetic copy of itself without using any foreign genetic material.	1
asexual reproduction	Structures called spores reproduce the fungus in the form of mycelium or yeast ... Asexual reproduction occurs when a part of an individual regenerates itself into...	1
asexual reproduction	Mar 28, 2015 ... Asexual reproduction occurs when an organism reproduces by itself.	1
asexual reproduction	The other means of asexual reproduction occurs when a plantlet or keiki begins to sprout...	1
asexual reproduction	Another kind of asexual reproduction is the pro- duction of various kinds of spores.	1
asexual reproduction	Asexual reproduction is the most common means of replication by protozoans.	1
asexual reproduction	Asexual reproduction occurs when an organism makes a copy of itself without undergoing meiosis and fertilization.	1
attracts	The flower is colorful and has a pleasant scent that attracts birds and insects to help with fertilization.	1
attracts	A magnet is an object that attracts metals.	1
boiling	"Flash boiling occurs when the pressure of a liquid suddenly drops below it"" saturation pressure, causing the liquid to vaporize."	1
boiling	Boiling occurs when saturation pressure exceeds the confining pressure of a system.	1
boiling	Boiling occurs when the pressure above a liquid becomes equal to or less then the vapour pressure of the liquid.	1
boiling	The boiling helps to break up the cells in the preparation, and denatures proteins.	1
boiling	Boiling is the process of transforming water into steam.	1
boiling	Mar 28, 2013 ... Boiling is the process of water changing from its liquid form to its gaseous form through heat gain.	1
boiling	Aug 4, 1997 ... Flow boiling occurs when all the phases are in bulk flow together in a channel; e.g., vapor and liquid flow in a pipe.	1
boiling	Boiling is the formation of vapor bubbles at the heating surface.	1
boiling	Feb 15, 2013 ... Boiling is the process of rapidly converting a liquid to its gaseous (vapor) state, typically by heating the liquid to a temperature called its boiling...	1
boiling	It has been found that the high heat transfer rate in nucleate boiling is caused by the formation and transportation of vapour bubbles.	1
boiling	Flash boiling occurs when the pressure of liquid drops instantly below the saturation pressure.	1
boiling	The boiling is caused by the relationship between the temperature and pressure of a gas.	1
boiling	This boiling causes the air inside to be forced out and replaced with hot water vapor.	1
boiling	At least one cooking pot is necessary for boiling water.	1
boiling	The phase change process ensures better temperature uniformity and ...... Boiling is the process of transforming liquid into vapor through the addition of heat.	1
breathe	They can grow, take in nutrients, breathe, reproduce, eliminate waste, and die.	1
breathe	Because fish live in the water and need to breathe, they developed gills.	1
breathe	Fish breathe through gills.	1
breathe	Plants provide animals with food and gases (oxygen) that their bodies need to grow, breathe, and make energy.	1
breathe	Humans inhale (breathe in) oxygen and exhale (breathe out) carbon dioxide.	1
breathe	Plants give off oxygen for animals to breathe in.	1
breathe	All animals grow, take in nutrients, breathe, reproduce, eliminate waste, and die.	1
breathe	We breathe faster and begin to sweat.	1
breathing	All living things do some type of breathing.	1
breathing	We do this by breathing.	1
breathing	This method of breathing helps to keep your air sacs open longer so that air is not trapped in your lungs.	1
breathing	Mar 7, 2013 ... Circular breathing occurs when you breathe in through your nose and out through your mouth at the same time.	1
breathing	Animals take in air by breathing.	1
breathing	The respiratory system is responsible for breathing	1
breathing	Circular breathing is the process of inhaling through your nose while playing a woodwind instrument in order to enable continuous sound without a pause for...	1
breathing	Deep breathing occurs when the body is in a state of relaxation.	1
breathing	May 31, 2013 ... holding-breath ... might be surprising to some given that the purpose of breathing is to provide our bodies with the oxygen it needs to survive.	1
breathing	The purpose of breathing is to provide a way for the body to receive fresh oxygen in exchange for the carbon dioxide and other waste gases that the cells of the...	1
breathing	Breathing is the process of drawing air into the lungs and then expelling it again.	1
breathing	Growth, taking in nutrients, breathing, and reproduction are the life processes of all living things.	1
breathing	Breathing occurs due to repeated contractions of a large muscle called the diaphragm.	1
build	Examples of animals using plants for shelter are birds building a nest on tree branches and squirrels living inside a tree trunk.	1
build	However, powerful earthquakes can cause damage to landscapes and buildings.	1
build	As humans build homes, stores, and communities, they displace the animals that live in those areas.	1
build	These behaviors may include: nest building, hibernating, hunting, migrating, and communicating.	1
build	Humans use wood to build homes, which comes from trees.	1
build	Our teeth build up food throughout the day and overnight while we sleep.	1
build	As humans construct new homes and buildings they change the landscape of the nonliving environment.	1
camouflage	This point is an important one, because it is not the purpose of camouflage and concealment to persuade the enemy; rather, the purpose of camouflage is to...	1
camouflage	This combination of color and camouflage is the perfect mix for deer hunting, effectively revealing hunters to other humans while concealing them from he color...	1
camouflage	Oct 7, 2006 ... ... because it has no known chemical defences and camouflage is the anti-predator defence most commonly assumed for the family Thyatiridae.	1
camouflage	The purpose of camouflage is to provide concealment.	1
camouflage	Camouflage is the use of any combination of materials, coloration, or illumination for concealment, either by making animals or objects hard to see (crypsis),...	1
camouflage	Animals that change color or are of a color similar to their environment can camouflage themselves so that they cannot be easily seen.	1
camouflage	The purpose of camouflage is to remain undetected when stalking or hiding, but...	1
camouflage	The purpose of camouflage is to break up the human outline and allow the hunter to become visually indistinguishable from his surroundings.	1
camouflage	We call this camouflage, which helps protect the animal from enemies.	1
camouflage	Camouflage causes missed detections for any change detec- tion algorithm.	1
camouflage	Skin camouflage and scar camouflage is the process of tattooing the skin...	1
carbon cycle	The carbon cycle is the biogeochemical cycle by which carbon is exchanged between the biosphere, geosphere, hydrosphere and atmosphere of the Earth.	1
carbon cycle	The carbon cycle is the circulation and transformation of carbon back and forth between living things and the environment.	1
carbon cycle	The carbon cycle is the term used to describe the ways in which carbon moves between them, and the proportion of carbon stored in each component.	1
carbon cycle	The carbon cycle is the process of carbon...	1
carbon cycle	The carbon cycle occurs when the carbon atoms are recycled over and over...	1
carbon cycle	The carbon cycle is the exchange of carbon between all of the...	1
carbon cycle	The carbon cycle occurs when carbon dioxide (CO2) is fixed into organic form through the process of photosynthesis.	1
carbon cycle	carbon cycle causes a positive climate-carbon cycle feedback effect and ... simulate historical changes in the global carbon cycle (e.g.	1
carbon cycle	While our understanding .... further assumed that the carbon cycle is the process of energy generation.	1
change	Magnetic energy changes to mechanical energy in a magnetic door latch.	1
change	Light changes to electrical energy in solar path lights.	1
change	A force is what makes it possible to change the position of an object.	1
change	A force can also be used to change the direction that an object is moving.	1
change	Humans have changed their environment by developing communities in areas where living things had to struggle to survive.	1
change	Chemical energy changes to electric energy in a battery.	1
change	Humans have also changed the environment by cultivating (growing) crops and raising animals.	1
change	As humans construct new homes and buildings they change the landscape of the nonliving environment.	1
change	Mechanical energy changes to sound energy by playing a musical instrument.	1
change	Electrical energy changes to sound energy in a door buzzer.	1
change	Mechanical energy changes to sound energy by clapping your hands together.	1
change	Light energy changes to electrical energy in a solar calculator.	1
change	Producers are living things that change the sun's energy to make their own food.	1
change	As the Earth revolves around the sun, its position changes and the amount of sunlight received by Earth also changes.	1
change	Some plants and animals are able to survive the changes while others may not.	1
change	Examples of interactions and conversions (changes) include:	1
change	When there are environmental changes, some plants and animals survive, reproduce, and increase in number, while others die or move to new locations.	1
change	As the physical environment changes over time, plants and animals change and so do the relationships within the ecosystem.	1
change	Problems arise when the balance between the organisms and the available resources and space changes.	1
change	This can change the air quality and lead to pollution.	1
change	If you give that rock a push and it begins to move down the hill, the potential energy is changed to kinetic energy, allowing the rock to move.	1
change	Chemical energy changes to mechanical energy in a gasoline engine.	1
change	As they grow and change over time it is called development.	1
change	Chemical properties are those that involve a change in the object.	1
change	One way to change the paper would be to burn it.	1
change	How might we change the paper chemically?	1
change	We have seen how we can change a physical property of the paper, but still have it remain as paper.	1
change	These changes (adaptations) depend on the environment.	1
change	Individual organisms and species change over long periods of time.	1
change	Moving to a warmer climate in the cold months is another way some animals deal with changes in the weather.	1
change	Water can easily be changed from one phase to another by the addition or removal of heat.	1
change	Each phase change that water goes through has a specific name.	1
change	Chemical changes involve changing the composition of an object, resulting in entirely different properties.	1
change	The energy from the sun heated the water and caused it to evaporate - change from liquid water to water vapor.	1
change	The water vapor cooled and changed from its gaseous state to a liquid state (droplets) on your glass.	1
change	Chemical energy changes to electrical energy in a battery.	1
change	Electrical energy changes to sound in a radio speaker.	1
change	Other animals change their amount of body fat with the seasons.	1
change	Electrical energy changes to mechanical energy in a food mixer.	1
change	Many animals are able to change their body with the seasons.	1
change	How can we change the paper in order to give it different properties but still consider it to be paper?	1
change	Behavior is the way that organisms respond to changes in their environment or to a stimulus.	1
change	The processes of weathering and erosion change the landscape of the Earth on a daily basis.	1
change	Heat changes to light in a flame.	1
change	Chameleons are lizards that can change colors based on the color of their surroundings.	1
change	The force of waves breaking on beaches and cliffs can also change landforms.	1
change	Heat changes to sound in a tea kettle.	1
change	Mechanical energy changes to sound in a piano.	1
change	Physical changes are those that involve changing one or more of the physical properties of matter.	1
change	Some animals are able to change the color of their body covering to that of their surroundings.	1
change	Mechanical energy changes to heat in bicycle brakes.	1
change	Surface waters are heated by the radiation from the sun, which causes the phase change.	1
change	When water vapor changes to liquid water it is called condensation.	1
change	All animals need to sense their surroundings, respond to environmental changes, know where and how to find food, care for their young, and many other things.	1
change	A line graph shows the change in information between two variables.	1
change	Some other changes in energy include:	1
change	The changes frogs and butterflies go through are called metamorphosis.	1
change	Another example of an environmental change would be when there is a natural disaster such as a flood or fire.	1
change	Just as we can describe physical and chemical properties of matter we can describe the physical and chemical changes to matter.	1
change	Animals that change color or are of a color similar to their environment can camouflage themselves so that they cannot be easily seen.	1
change	When liquid water changes to water vapor it is called evaporation.	1
change	Evaporation is defined as the change of water from its liquid phase to its gaseous phase.	1
change	Condensation is defined as the phase change from gas (vapor) to liquid.	1
change	Water vapor is changed to liquid water by removing heat.	1
change	Some offspring are born as one form and change over time into an adult form.	1
change	Harm to the environment can be caused when animals are displaced and the landscape is changed; water runoff, pollution, and so on.	1
change	Melting of ice is a physical change, not a chemical change.	1
change	An example of a plant responding to a change in its environment is leaves falling off trees in fall.	1
change	Tadpoles change into frogs, caterpillars change into butterflies, and mealworms turn into beetles.	1
change	They were made by humans but cannot change or grow on their own.	1
change	The ashes are chemically different from the paper so this is considered a chemical change.	1
change	The position or direction of an object can be changed by applying force.	1
change	Ways that animals respond to changes in their environment, such as seasonal changes include hibernation, migration, growing thick fur, or shivering.	1
change	When animals move to a warmer climate to avoid the change in seasons, we call this migration.	1
change	To change an object from a solid to a liquid you must increase the temperature.	1
change	Liquid water is changed to water vapor by adding heat.	1
chemical change	Just as we can describe physical and chemical properties of matter we can describe the physical and chemical changes to matter.	1
chemical change	An Electrolytic Cell is one in which a physical or chemical change is caused by electrical energy applied from some external source.	1
chemical change	The catalyst structure is the same at the start and the end of the reaction, but the permanent chemical change is the reactant substrate molecule changing into...	1
chemical change	A chemical change occurs when asubstance changes into a different substance.	1
chemical change	Chemical change is the grems and bacteria on the raw turkey dissolving.	1
chemical change	The chemical change is the chemical produced when the copper is melted.	1
chemical change	A chemical change occurs when there is a change in the arrangement of the atoms involved so a different substance with different properties is produced.	1
chemical change	May 4, 2010 ... An example of a chemical change is the reaction between sodium hydroxide and hydrogen chloride to produce sodium chloride, or table salt.	1
chemical change	The criterion for a chemical change is the production of one or more new substances.	1
chemical change	A chemical change occurs when a substance reacts with another...	1
chemical change	An example of chemical change is the fireworks explosion.	1
chemical change	Melting of ice is a physical change, not a chemical change.	1
chemical change	The ashes are chemically different from the paper so this is considered a chemical change.	1
chemical reaction	Chemical reaction is the process of transforming a substance into one or more new...	1
chemical reaction	chemical reaction occurs due to the enlarged contact area between phases.	1
chemical reaction	The required information for modeling the chemical reaction is the reaction rate equation.	1
chemical reaction	The sun's rays fuel the making of carbohydrates which through a chemical reaction causes photosynthesis to occur in the plant.	1
chemical reaction	Jul 12, 2012 ... For other pressure vessels such as reactors, where a chemical reaction is caused by causing the internal pressure of the vessel to be high, the...	1
chemical reaction	If a chemical reaction is caused by an external voltage, or if a voltage is caused by a chemical reaction, as in a Battery (electricity), it is an electrochemical...	1
chemical reaction	The simplest example of a chemical reaction is the irre- versible isomerization reaction.	1
chemical reaction	Chemical reactions occur because different types of molecules interact with ... a chemical reaction occurs due to the breaking of old bonds and the forming of...	1
chemical reaction	The second reason why energy is essential is that it is necessary for chemical reactions to occur.	1
chemical reaction	Chemical reaction occurs when a chemical change takes place; Anytime you have a new substance formed; Burning paper is a result of a chemical reaction...	1
chemical reaction	A chemical reaction is the process of transforming chemical substances into new substances.	1
chemical reaction	Chemical energy is energy that is released when a chemical reaction takes place.	1
chemosynthesis	chemosynthesis is the process by which an organism forms carbohydrates using chemicals rather than light, as an energy source and photosynthesis is the...	1
chemosynthesis	Chemosynthesis is the biological conversion of one or more carbon molecules (usually carbon dioxide or methane) and nutrients into organic matter using the...	1
chemosynthesis	Chemosynthesis is the process of converting inorganic material into food using chemical energy.	1
circulation	Your poor blood circulation causes numbness in your hands and feet, changes in vision, slow-healing wounds and frequent infections.	1
circulation	The heart is necessary for circulation of blood in the body.	1
circulation	The overall circulation is caused by higher latitudes having lesser velocities along a latitude line than ones closer to the equator.	1
circulation	Pulmonary circulation is the process of blood flowing between the heart and lungs to allow for gas exchange.	1
circulation	Coronary circulation is the circulation of blood in the blood vessels of the heart muscle (myocardium).	1
circulation	Cerebral circulation is the movement of blood through the network of blood vessels supplying the brain.	1
circulation	Circulation is the process of drawing water from the pool through the suction line and forcing water back to the pool through the filter and pressure/return line.	1
circulation	Collateral circulation occurs when existing, minor blood vessels that are normally closed open up to reroute blood flow from the coronary artery around the...	1
circulation	Mar 29, 2011 ... Poor leg circulation is caused by peripheral artery disease, a condition in which the arteries in your legs become narrowed or even blocked...	1
circulation	Sometimes the poor, slow circulation causes blockage in a blood vessel.	1
circulation	Healthy circulation occurs when your blood flows smoothly.	1
circulation	the increased circulation helps to increase blood circulation to the brain and deliver a...	1
circulation	According to Medical Online, Poor circulation occurs when the flow of blood through ...	1
circulation	Lowered blood circulation causes red blood cells amount to decrease significantly.	1
classify	Scientists often classify or organize different objects based on their physical properties.	1
combustion	Oxy-fuel combustion is the process of burning a fuel using pure oxygen instead of air as ... contribute to the combustion process, it introduces a major source of...	1
combustion	In the most basic definition, combustion is the process of burning something.	1
combustion	The chemical element oxygen is necessary for combustion to occur.	1
combustion	Oxy-fuel combustion is the process of burning a fuel using pure oxygen instead of air as the primary oxidant.	1
combustion	Oxy-Fuel Combustion is the process of burning coals using oxygen instead of air to discharge most exhaust gases as carbon dioxide, thus maximizing the...	1
combustion	Today's conventional internal combustion engine uses only air as it is necessary for combustion process.	1
combustion	Abnormal combustion occurs when part of the fuel/air mixture ignites spontaneously and burns very rapidly, causing the pressure to rise suddenly.	1
combustion	The utilities, chemical process, pulp and ... layer, by passing the metal through a molten bath of zinc at ... Oxy-fuel combustion is the process of burning a fuel.	1
combustion	Oxy combustion is the process of burning a fuel using pure oxygen instead of air as the primary oxidant.	1
combustion	May 24, 2013 ... Oxy-fuel combustion is the process of burning a fuel using a mix of oxygen and flue gas instead of air.	1
combustion	Jan 22, 1980 ... combustion occurs due to stopping fuel supply.	1
combustion	Combustion is caused by a reaction between two chemicals, which is set off...	1
combustion	combustion occurs due to the incomplete oxidation of CO and therefore the inclusion of.	1
combustion	Oxy-fuel combustion is the process of burning a fuel using pure oxygen instead of air as the primary oxidant.	1
combustion	In situ combustion is the process of injecting air into a reservoir to oxidize a small portion of the hydrocarbons present, to generate heat and pressure.	1
combustion	When a substance burns in air, combustion is the process of reacting a substance with oxygen.	1
combustion	Combustion helps to improve efficiency and power.	1
combustion	Preignition: This type of abnormal combustion occurs when stale fuel mixture is ignited by an unintended source prior to spark plug firing.	1
combustion	In this study, in order to determine the conditions by which spontaneous combustion occurs due to long stays of coals under natural weather...	1
combustion	Aug 14, 2013 ... Oxidation firing is a process where complete and perfect combustion occurs when sufficient oxygen is supplied, converting all the fuel into...	1
combustion	Complete combustion occurs when excess oxygen is present; this type of reaction produces carbon dioxide and water.	1
combustion	Incomplete combustion occurs when the oxygen supply is limited.	1
combustion	Combustion is the process of burning something.	1
combustion	sustaining combustion occurs due to irradiation and collisions of the particles.	1
condensation	Water vapor changing to liquid water is condensation.	1
condensation	Condensation is the process of water vapor changing back into liquid water.	1
condensation	Condensation is the word used to describe what occurs when water vapour in the air is changed into liquid water on a cool surface.	1
condensation	Interior window condensation is caused by excessive moisture in the house, and it often occurs in the winter when the warm air inside the...	1
condensation	Most often, window condensation is caused by excessively moist conditions in the home.	1
condensation	As the sun interacts ... Condensation is the process of a gas changing to a liquid.	1
condensation	Freezing a liquid to a ... Condensation is the process of a gas turning into a liquid, and evaporation i...	1
condensation	Finally, some students may not recognize that cooling is necessary for condensation.	1
condensation	When water vapor changes to liquid water it is called condensation.	1
condensation	Condensation is the dampness formed when air laden with moisture is cooled by contact with a cold surface.	1
condensation	Condensation occurs due to appearance of a normal mode, precisely analogous to the Cooperon in a superconductor. '	1
condensation	Oct 17, 2012 ... Warm-front condensation occurs when warm, damp air gets into a cold house.	1
condensation	Condensation occurs when warmer moist air comes in contact with cold surfaces such as framing members, windows and other accessories, or the colder region...	1
condensation	The most frequently used method of preventing condensation is the installation of a vapor retarder on the warm side of the wall.	1
condensation	Condensation is the process by which vapor changes back into a...	1
condensation	In this case, condensation occurs due to lower free energy of the condensed state caused by higher number of bound ligands (per base pair, cs < cc) for any...	1
condensation	Condensation is the process of going from gas to liquid.	1
condensation	To know that condensation is the process of gas cooling to form a liquid.	1
condensation	Water vapor condenses into a liquid after making contact with the surface of a ... Water is the product of its vapor condensationcondensation is the process of...	1
condensation	Condensation occurs due to repeated heating and cooling cycles (induced by the motor cycling on and off) substantial amounts of water can accumulate in the...	1
condensation	Oct 15, 2013 ... OTOH, if the release of the heat of condensation is the primary driver, they should expand.	1
condensation	This could be a good decision if the majority of the condensation is caused by the glass and not by the window frame.	1
condensation	On the contrary, upon the Sun the temperature is so high that it can decrease to what is necessary for condensation of vapor only at a height where the density of...	1
condensation	Condensation occurs when saturated air moves upward.	1
condensation	Compared to particles formed by traditional inert gas condensation methods .... Condensation is the process of cluster growth via collisions with vapor phase...	1
condensation	in this booklet to help you identify and reduce condensation as well as ... Condensation is caused by water vapour or moisture from inside the home coming into.	1
condensation	Condensation is the process of a substance in a gaseous state transforming into a liquid state.	1
condense	Water from the atmosphere returns to the rivers and lakes on the surface of the Earth as the air cools and water molecules condense.	1
condense	Clouds form when water in the atmosphere condenses on dust particles suspended in the air.	1
conduction	Conduction helps to keep a fire going by transferring heat energy...	1
conduction	Through conduction, energy is transferred from atom to atom by direct contact; at the edges of a compost pile, conduction causes heat loss to the surrounding air...	1
conduction	Jul 2, 2010 ... Heat conduction is the process of heat transfer across a stationary medium, either solid or fluid.	1
conduction	Conduction is the process by which heat moves directly into the molecules of cooler objects in contact with its surface.	1
conduction	May 30, 2014 ... physiological homeostasis describes the complete process in which the ... Conduction is the process of heat-transfer directly from a place of...	1
conduction	Heat conduction helps to cook this meat.	1
conduction	Conduction occurs when two things that have different temperatures come into contact with each other.	1
conduction	In heat transfer, gaseous conduction occurs when gas molecules collide and transfer their kinetic energy.	1
conduction	Conduction is the process of heat flow from molecule to molecule in a solid substance.	1
conduction	In metallic conductors, the conduction occurs due to the movement of electrons under the influence of applied electrical potential.	1
conduction	Conduction is the process of heat transfer.	1
conduction	the heat conduction is the phonon-lattice interaction, there- fore, the heat conduction obeys the Fourier heat law, but the heat flux is bigger than in the standard...	1
conservation	wild life conservation is caused by humans that want more territory.	1
conservation	Soil conservation is the best way to make sure that we have the land we need to live on or, in my case, live in.	1
conservation	Conservation is the process of repairing damaged material using acceptable ... Conservation treatment is performed using materials and methods that are...	1
conservation	In addition there are numerous independent nonprofit organizations that also promote various wildlife conservation causes.	1
conservation	Water conservation is the most cost-effective and environmentally-sound way to reduce our demand for water.	1
conservation	Water conservation occurs due to the interception of water by trees.	1
conservation	Ecology is necessary for conservation and resource management, but it is not sufficient.	1
conservation	Jul 19, 2015 ... Renewable energy conservation is the process of conserving energy by using energy sources that can be replenished.	1
conservation	In-situ conservation helps to conserve millions of species through the protection of natural areas and is the primary means for the maintenance of these...	1
contour plowing	Contour plowing is the farming practice of plowing across a slopefollowing its elevation contour lines.	1
contour plowing	Apr 6, 2015 ... ... as much in the horizontal plane as possibleas possible Contour plowing is the single most effective method for reducingContour plowing is...	1
convection	Convection is the process of thermal energy (heat energy) transfer through movement of a fluid (liquid or gas).	1
convection	Convection is the process of losing heat through the movement of air or water molecules across the skin.	1
convection	convection is the positive or negative buoyancy of the fluid, and the primary characteristics of the convection pattern can hence be analyzed without regard to the.	1
convection	May 23, 2000 ... As in nature, convection occurs when and where the atmosphere is unstable and the convection drives the atmosphere back to neutrality as...	1
convection	Thermal convection occurs due to density changes of the material caused by temperature variations: heated material rises towards the surface because of its...	1
convection	The process of convection occurs when groups of molecules are displaced to the vicinity of slower or faster molecules and mix with them.	1
convection	Natural convection occurs when hot fluid or air rises, displacing cooler fluid/air.	1
convection	Convection occurs when heat is transferred by the movement of liquids or gases.	1
convection	Oct 1, 2005 ... convection helps to precondition the atmosphere for MJO by moistening the lower troposphere.	1
convection	eliminating buoyancy-driven convection helps to ensure that the transport of species is governed by diffusion alone.	1
convection	Convection is the process of transporting heat via the motion of the fluid.	1
convection	Convection is the process of air or water flowing by the skin and carrying away body heat.	1
convection	Aug 16, 2007 ... situation are found when weak convection occurs due to absorption of solar radiation around noon in mid-summer.	1
convection	Abstract This research investigated the flow and convective heat transfer ..... natural convection occurs due to heated air at the center of the space between the...	1
convection	This convection helps to homogenize the cloud-containing layer, frequently couples this layer to the surface which is the source of moisture.	1
crop rotation	The purpose of crop rotation is to help the soil maintain a healthy...	1
crop rotation	Crop rotation helps to reduce soil diseases and fungi by giving them time to die out before replanting a similar crop in the bed.	1
crop rotation	Besides the mentioned potential benefits, crop rotation helps to protect soil from eroding and makes it possible to use the land in another period during the year.	1
crop rotation	Crop rotation is the process of planting different crops on the same land in sequential seasons.	1
crop rotation	Crop rotation is the pre- determined sequence of crops that one grows on a certain field (Figure...	1
crop rotation	Crop rotation helps to create a biodivers soil which reduces the chance of soil bound organisms to get a pest and reducing the use of pesticides (see annexes)...	1
crop rotation	The purpose of crop rotation is to help maintain the balance of nutrients, organic matter, and microorganisms necessary for healthy soil.	1
crop rotation	Integrated Crop Management requires a recognition of the fact that a diverse crop rotation is the most effective indirect means of maintaining soil fertility and...	1
crop rotation	Crop rotation helps to replenish the soil with vital nutrients.	1
crop rotation	Crop rotation helps to eradicate weeds, insects and plant diseases.	1
cross-pollination	wind, whereas cross-pollination is caused by large flying insects such as bees and wasps.	1
crossbreeding	Crossbreeding is the recommended breeding strategy for commercial meat sheep and meat goat production.	1
crossbreeding	The purpose of crossbreeding is to produce progeny which are more disease resistant, healthier and hardier.	1
crossbreeding	Hey Barb and Mitchell - crossbreeding is the process of transferring pollen from one cultivar of a plant to another female part of another plant of...	1
crossbreeding	The purpose of crossbreeding is to achieve genetic improve- ment by retaining the favorable traits and minimizing the weakness of parental species.	1
decomposition	Aeration of the interior of the pile is necessary for decomposition to continue.	1
decomposition	But I am also going to tell ... Decomposition is caused by fungi, bacteria, insects and other scavengers.	1
decomposition	Apr 24, 2012 ... Decomposition causes tissue to decay, making the animals difficult to study.	1
decomposition	The importance of the immune system is apparent when you think about how quickly decomposition occurs when an organism dies.	1
decomposition	Decomposition is the process by which organic substances are broken down into a much simpler form of matter.	1
decomposition	The decomposition occurs due to a variety of different agents such as micro-organisms (enzymes, bacteria and fungi), smaller organisms (insects) and larger...	1
decomposition	The final stage of the biological decomposition occurs when methanogenic micro-organisms biodegrade the organic acids produced in the nonmethanogenic...	1
decomposition	Decomposition occurs when the tree dies and its nutrients are recycled back into the environment.	1
decomposition	Decomposition is the first stage in the recycling of nutrients that have been used by an organism (plant or animal) to build its body, and are surrendered back to...	1
deposit	Weathering, erosion, and deposition result from the interactions between air, land, and water.	1
deposit	Erosion and deposition result from the interaction between air, water, and land.	1
deposition	deposition is caused by the increase of shear rate in the low- permeability rocks, which accelerates the deposition process, es- pecially of the partly dispersed...	1
deposition	Another type of sedimentary deposition occurs when material is dissolved in water, and chemically precipitates from the water.	1
deposition	The deposition occurs when radium decays in porous soil and radon gas escapes into the atmosphere at a rate directly proportional to uncovered land masses.	1
deposition	The increased advective motion which occurs at high energy deposition helps to offset this effect by moving more N atoms outside the streamer region...	1
deposition	The reduced collagen deposition is caused by near absence of collagen telopeptide hydroxylation in the proband collagen.	1
deposition	Deposition occurs when sediment concentration in runoff exceeds transport capacity of the flow, while soil detachment occurs whenever sediment load in flow is...	1
deposition	surface by carbon deposition helps to synthesize better quality copper nanostructures in the pore channels of.	1
deposition	fluids and in which ore deposition is caused by mixing of these fluids.	1
deposition	Urate deposition occurs due to impaired renal excretion of uric acid or to excess production of uric acid overloading the ability of the kidneys to excrete this...	1
deposition	Jun 12, 2009 ... extent of the deposition is caused by a combination of the predominant wind characteristics in the SFB Area and local and regional terrain.	1
deposition	Jul 6, 2009 ... Nitrogen deposition causes widespread loss of species richness in British habitats.	1
deposition	most accepted suggestions is that the non-metallic deposition is caused by transport of inclusions, present in the steel melt to the nozzle surface, followed by...	1
deposition	Specifically, the results indicate that Au deposition causes dissociation of the InP bonds, while covering the surface with a continuous layer of...	1
deposition	Weathering, erosion, and deposition result from the interactions between air, land, and water.	1
deposition	Aug 1, 2013 ... environmental problems, acid deposition is caused by the cumulative actions of millions of individual people.	1
deposition	Atmospheric Deposition: Atmospheric deposition occurs when pollutants in the air fall on the land or water.	1
deposition	Jun 8, 2010 ... Deposition is the reverse of sublimation.	1
deposition	Atmospheric deposition occurs when pollution in the air falls to the ground in the form of dust, raindrops or just by gravity, eventually ending up in streams, lakes...	1
deposition	Feb 15, 2010 ... 2010 Nitrogen deposition causes widespread loss of species richness in British habitats.	1
deposition	Therefore, the electrochemical copper deposition is the process of choice, as it provides highly pure and crystalline copper.	1
deposition	simultaneous deposition causes metastable structures.	1
deposition	Deposition is the process of sediments settling and accumulating from a moving fluid (wind, water, or ice).	1
deposition	Because deposition is the net difference between the particles that deposit and those that are resuspended, it is believed to be more accurate to.	1
deposition	Jun 21, 2011 ... Dry deposition occurs when molecules sorb onto a surface or when aerosol particles fall down onto a surface due to gravitational pull, which...	1
deposition	Wax deposition occurs when paraffinic components in crude oil (alkanes with carbon numbers greater than 20) precipitate and deposit on the cold pipeline wall...	1
deposition	Erosion and deposition result from the interaction between air, water, and land.	1
deposition	The influence of relative sea level rise on shoreface deposition helps to elucidate changes in beach and nearshore geomorphology in response to different...	1
destroy	Crops and vegetation can be damaged or destroyed.	1
diffusion	Gas movement by diffusion occurs due to molecular interactions.	1
diffusion	Sep 21, 2005 ... Diffusion is caused by water molecular random motion, so-called Brownian motion, and it is able to change the intensity of local magnetic field...	1
diffusion	Diffusion is the process of transferring matter from an area of high concentration to an area of low concentration under the influence of thermal energy.	1
diffusion	Dec 2, 2014 ... Diffusion is caused by complicated physical movement such as psychrometric difference and Brownian motion.	1
diffusion	Diffusion is caused by molecule movement energy, thermal conductivity and concentration of gas molecules, while filtration is governed by pressure gradient.	1
diffusion	Aug 15, 1996 ... volume is necessary for diffusion to occur.	1
diffusion	Simple passive diffusion occurs when small molecules pass through the lipid bilayer of a cell membrane.	1
diffusion	Diffusion occurs due to Brownian motion, a jittery random motion of particles.	1
diffusion	Diffusion occurs when the spontaneous net movement of particles or molecules spreads them from an area of high concentration to an area of low concentration...	1
diffusion	Diffusion is the process of a substance spreading out from its origin.	1
diffusion	Diffusion occurs due to the concentration differences of the pollutants in the air.	1
diffusion	Diffusion is the process of movement of liquid or air from its higher concentration to the lower concentration.	1
diffusion	Diffusion occurs due to the random movement of chemical molecules.	1
diffusion	Diffusion is the process of a substance spreading out to evenly fill its container or environment.	1
digestion	The mouth helps in digestion and respiration.	1
digestion	Jul 4, 2011 ... Digestion is the process by which food is broken down into absorbable nutrients in your body.	1
digestion	The active role of the stomach in digestion helps to convert foods into chemical forms that the body can utilize.	1
digestion	Physical digestion occurs when food is broken down into smaller pieces by the...	1
digestion	Digestion is the process by which food is changed into substances that can be absorbed and used...	1
digestion	Sep 28, 2014 ... Peristalsis No digestion occurs The stomach Physical digestion occurs due to muscles in the stomach which churns the food forming The...	1
digestion	During digestion nutrients are taken into the body.	1
digestion	Food begins its journey through the digestive system in the mouth, also .... Digestion is the process of turning large pieces of food into its component chemicals.	1
digestion	The purpose of digestion is to reduce the amount of organic matter and the...	1
digestion	Digestion is the process of preparation of food for absorption from the alimentary canal into the blood stream and elimination of the unabsorbed residue from.	1
digestion	Digestion is the process by which food is broken down into its smallest parts, which can then be absorbed into the bloodstream.	1
digestion	Without the digestive system, our bodies could not take in food, ... Chemical digestion is the process of breaking down foods using digestive juices called...	1
digestion	Apr 17, 2014 ... devoid of oxygen, anaerobic digestion produces byproducts such as ... digestion is the process of breaking down organic waste through the...	1
digestion	Digestion is the process by which food molecules are broken down into smaller molecules that are able to be absorbed by the gut tissue.	1
digestion	The taste buds signal the stomach to excrete hydrochloric acid, which is necessary for digestion of proteins and other food components.	1
digestion	The nutrients in food give the body's cells the energy and other substances they need to operate, and digestion is the process of breaking down food and drink...	1
digestion	Digestion is the process of changing food into a form that the body can absorb and use as energy or as the raw materials to repair and build new tissue.	1
dripping	The bacon dripping helps to give the soup loads of flavour despite...	1
eclipse	An annular solar eclipse occurs when the Moon moves in front of the Sun but does not cover the Sun's discs completely.	1
eclipse	A solar eclipse occurs when the moon comes between the sun and the Earth.	1
eclipse	For the observer, the important point for a penumbral eclipse is the least separation between the moon's limb and the edge of the umbra.	1
eclipse	Any solar eclipse is an interesting event, but a total solar eclipse is the most spectacular astronomical phenomenon that you'll ever see.	1
eclipse	May 9, 2012 ... An annular solar eclipse occurs when the moon does not completely obscure the sun, leaving a bright ring around the moon's disk.	1
eclipse	A lunar eclipse occurs when the Moon enters the Earth's shadow.	1
eclipse	During a lunar eclipse, the moon appears to be a reddish-orange color when viewed from Earth.	1
eclipse	A lunar eclipse occurs when the Earth comes between the sun and a full moon.	1
eclipse	There are two types of eclipses involving the sun, moon, and Earth.	1
eclipse	When one celestial body moves into the shadow of another, the event is known as an eclipse.	1
eclipse	Solar eclipses occur during new moons.	1
erosion	Gully erosion is caused by running water; it typically occurs as a result of the digging of a river channel.	1
erosion	Soil erosion is the process of removal of superficial layer of the soil from one...	1
erosion	Feb 1, 2013 ... Coast erosion is the process of wearing away material from the coastal profile due to imbalance in the supply and export of material from a...	1
erosion	Wind erosion is caused by the action of the wind on the soil surface and is the process by which fine soil particles are carried away.	1
erosion	Forms from pieces of pre-existing rocks; Weathering is the process of breaking down a pre-existing rock, and erosion is the process of moving the pieces of rock...	1
erosion	Erosion is the process of detachment and transport of soil particles by erosive agents (Ellison, 1944).	1
erosion	"Rill erosion is caused by concentration of runoff in small channels called ""rills."""	1
erosion	Bulk erosion occurs when the rate at which water penetrates the device exceeds that at which the polymer is converted into water-soluble materials (resulting in...	1
erosion	Erosion is the process of transporting weathered...	1
erosion	spherical shell strain counterbalances thermal erosion depends on factors such as divergence rate (rapid divergence favours thermal erosion), convergence.	1
erosion	May 6, 2004 ... [3] Soil erosion occurs when the wind speed exceeds a certain threshold.	1
erosion	Dec 18, 2013 ... Rill erosion occurs when runoff water forms small channels as it concentrates down a slope.	1
erosion	Wind erosion occurs when the energy of wind is suffi cient to detach and transport soil particles.	1
erosion	The Schools of the Pacific Rainfall and Climate Experiment notes that coastal erosion occurs due to wave and current activity, storms, earthquakes, wind, tides...	1
erosion	Erosion is the process of carrying soil from one location to another.	1
erosion	Soil erosion is caused by disturbance of a land surface.	1
erosion	n Splash Erosion: This type of erosion is caused by the impact of raindrops on bare or sparsely vegetated soil.	1
erosion	Rocks are weathered, broken down, and then carried away through the action of erosion.	1
erosion	The processes of weathering and erosion work together over time.	1
erosion	Examples of erosion include:	1
erosion	Weathering, erosion, and deposition result from the interactions between air, land, and water.	1
erosion	Water, wind, and gravity are all forces involved in erosion.	1
erosion	The processes of weathering and erosion change the landscape of the Earth on a daily basis.	1
erosion	Highly eroded fields in southern Brazil cultivated with no-till, where soil erosion is caused by low residue density, compacted soils and absence...	1
evaporation	Evaporation is the process of a substance in a liquid state changing to a gaseous state due to an increase in temperature and/or pressure....	1
evaporation	Evaporation is the process of converting water into water vapor through...	1
evaporation	The primary driving force in case of evaporation is the incoming solar radiation.	1
evaporation	Evaporation is the process of turning a liquid, at its saturation temperature, into vapor.	1
evaporation	Evaporation is caused by water turning into a vapour and escaping from your pond.	1
evaporation	Evaporation is the process of changing water from liquid to gas.	1
evaporation	Evaporation is the process of vaporization of solvent from solution in order to increase the concentration of the solute.	1
evaporation	thors2325 have reported that BaO evaporation occurs due to prolonged high-temperature synthesis.	1
evaporation	Evaporation is the process of vaporising the solvent from a solution to produce.	1
evaporation	The solvent evaporation occurs due to the inlet of hot gases ( dispersed phase ) into the liquid solution (continuous phase ), A simplied diagram is presented in...	1
evaporation	Evaporation is the process of water turning.	1
evaporation	The evaporation depends on factors such as the solar radiation, the wind, the temperature.	1
evaporation	Jul 22, 2015 ... As most of us know, evaporation is the process by which liquid water turns into water vapor.	1
evaporation	Evaporation is the process of losing heat through the conversion of water to gas.	1
evaporation	Clouds get their water from evaporation.	1
evaporation	Water from the oceans enters the atmosphere through evaporation.	1
evaporation	When liquid water changes to water vapor it is called evaporation.	1
evaporation	During step 1, evaporation occurs due to the elevated vessel temperature.	1
evaporation	Evaporation is caused by heat, the energy of molecules in motion.	1
evaporation	Evaporation occurs when we sweat and the tiny droplets of liquid are converted into vapor.	1
evaporation	Liquid water changing to water vapor is evaporation.	1
evaporation	Evaporation is the process of changing from liquid to gas.	1
evolution	We measure time on Earth based on both the rotation of the Earth on its axis and its revolution around the sun.	1
evolution	Because of the tilt and the Earth's position around the sun during its revolution the Earth experiences four distinct seasons: winter, spring, summer, and fall.	1
evolution	The movement of the moon around the Earth is called revolution.	1
evolution	Evolution occurs when organisms exhibit differences in.	1
evolution	Evolution is the process of change that has transformed life on Earth from its earliest beginnings to the diversity of organisms living today.	1
evolution	Evolution is the process by which one species changes into other species during long periods of time.	1
evolution	Nov 9, 2012 ... Form criticism is also rooted with the assumption that evolution is the process of progression from the simple to the complex.2Kebler describes...	1
evolution	As the purpose of evolution is to increase the amount of information a genome contains regarding its environment, the reversible molecular switch must contain...	1
evolution	We have to always remember, that evolution is caused by totally accidental mutations, though due to existance of natural selection, it may be expected, that...	1
evolution	Micro-evolution is caused by small changes to the gene pool that can alter the appearance or the internal structure of the life form to keep it well adapted for its.	1
evolution	First, the law proves that natural selection is necessary for evolution to occur.	1
evolution	Abstract: Species range limits are paradoxically viewed as either diversifying areas, where niche evolution occurs due to adaptations in novel environments,...	1
evolution	variety is necessary for evolution through population dynamics.	1
evolution	Divergent evolution occurs due to habitat changes, alterations in a primary food source, interbreeding or any change that dramatically alters the way in which a...	1
evolution	Evolution is the process of adaptation through mutation which allows more desirable characteristics to be passed to the next generation.	1
evolution	Evolution occurs when there is change in the genetic material -- the chemical molecule, DNA -- which is inherited from the parents, and especially in the...	1
evolution	Evolution is the process of change in all forms of life over generations.	1
evolution	Students should have the understanding that evolution is the process by which life progresses from one form into another.	1
evolution	random mating is necessary for evolution to occur variation does not exist between members of the same species populations will change to better fit their...	1
evolution	Evolution is the slow process that changes animals and plants and it's a great piece of science!	1
evolution	One complete revolution of the moon around the Earth takes approximately one month.	1
evolution	The different phases of the moon as seen from Earth are caused by the revolution of the moon around the Earth.	1
evolution	Evolution is the process of organisms' inherited traits changing from generation to generation.	1
extinction	In biology and ecology, extinction is the end of an organism or of a group of organisms (taxon), normally a species.	1
extinction	According to researchers, in modern times, the mass extinction is caused by freak acts of nature.	1
extinction	In operant conditioning, extinction occurs when a behavior is no longer followed by a reinforcer.	1
fertilization	The flower is colorful and has a pleasant scent that attracts birds and insects to help with fertilization.	1
freeze	Sleet and snow are more common in the winter months when the temperature is cold enough to freeze water.	1
freeze	Water trapped inside the cracks of rocks may freeze and cause the rocks to break apart.	1
freeze	When the water freezes, it expands, making the crack even larger, and in some cases, breaks the rock.	1
freezing	Freezing is the process that causes a substance to change from a liquid to a solid.	1
freezing	As such, freezing occurs when liquid water comes into contact with the cold ground and object surfaces.	1
freezing	Supposedly flash freezing causes smaller ice crystals, which minimize this from happening.	1
freezing	Rain can occur anytime during the year as long as the outside temperature is above the freezing point of water.	1
freezing	Once the outside temperature drops below the freezing point of water, it is more likely that the precipitation will be in the form of snow.	1
freezing	Sleet is freezing rain falling from the sky.	1
freezing	Melting is the opposite of freezing and involves changing water from its solid state (ice) to a liquid state by the addition of heat.	1
freezing	Freezing causes the formation of ice crystals, which make muscle fiber swell and cause their physical separation.	1
freezing	Liquid water changing to ice is called freezing.	1
friction	In this study, it is considered that the friction occurs due to adhesive forces between the surfaces in sliding contact and its mechanical stiffness...	1
friction	Friction is caused by ploughing and adhesion between contacting surface asperities.	1
friction	Ans: Friction occurs due to ploughing (due to surface roughness) and adhesion (due to.	1
friction	Jul 31, 2012 ... Because friction is the process of transformation and dissipation of mechanical energy into other kinds of energy, an energy-based concept...	1
friction	In such a case, the friction is caused by surface roughness, although the adhesion effect still plays a part in the abrasion.	1
friction	When two objects slide over one another friction can occur.	1
friction	When an object travels slowly over a bumpy surface and fast over a smooth surface the difference is due to friction.	1
friction	Friction is caused by forces between two things when they touch, like when you drag your foot along the sidewalk and feel and hear the...	1
friction	Jan 15, 2010 ... and groin are two areas where moisture collects and friction occurs due to the frequent rubbing of skin and thereby provide optimal.	1
friction	Dec 6, 2000 ... ... established how much friction is caused by mechanical forces alone -- that is, how difficult it is physically to move one molecule past another.	1
friction	The smoother the surface, the less friction against an object, so the faster it will move.	1
friction	The amount of friction that an object encounters depends on its smoothness.	1
friction	The box pushed across the floor will eventually stop because of the force, or friction, the floor has on the box.	1
friction	Objects being pushed over a smooth surface will move easier due to less friction.	1
germination	Oct 9, 2014 ... Germination is the process of the embryo emerging from the seed.	1
germination	Seeds contain stored food that aids in germination (sprouting) and the growth of new young plants.	1
germination	Germination is the process by which a seed begins its development into a mature plant.	1
germination	Germination is the process by which a seed grows into a new plant.	1
germination	Seed germination is the process of growth of the embryo into a functional plant.	1
germination	Germination occurs when a seed sprouts (usually caused by changes of temperature and moisture); Monocots have 1 seed leaf (cotyledon), Dicots have 2 seed...	1
germination	In this lab, the volume of O2 consumed by germinating and non-germinating .... Germination causes a higher rate of respiration than the non-germinating peas.	1
germination	The improvement in germination is caused by the softening of the seed coat and the ensuring of adequate water absorption by the living tissues.	1
germination	shock induced germination occurs when a seed or fruit wall that is impermeable to water.	1
germination	GA stimulates germination and its synthesis upon seed imbibition is necessary for germination to take place.	1
germination	There are a number of resources and issues related to prairie-oak bird ...... germination occurs due to lack of available space or resources) for each species.	1
germination	Seed germination is the process of sprouting of a seed and beginning of growth.	1
germination	Germination occurs when the hard outer seed coat is abraded by waves on sand and gravel.	1
grafting	Root grafting occurs when trees in close growing proximity may have roots that contact and join.	1
grafting	Grafting is the art of cloning plants by taking a piece of tissue (usually a bud, or a twig with one or more buds)...	1
grafting	Apr 15, 2014 ... Top-grafting is the process of changing a tree from one cultivar to another by means of grafting.	1
grafting	Grafting is the process of introducing the stem of one plant into another plant in order for them to join together through their vascular tissue.	1
gravity	We will look first at the theory that gravity is caused by static charges.	1
gravity	Gravity causes erosion by pulling dirt, rocks and soil downward.	1
gravity	The astronaut does not experience gravity while in outer space.	1
gravity	Eventually, the particles that are being moved by water, wind, and/or gravity will stop moving.	1
gravity	It is gravity that keeps everything from flying away.	1
gravity	I dont think that gravity is caused by centrifugal force, if it would be so, we would have no gravity at the poles, and more at the equator.	1
gravity	The localization of gravity occurs due to an attractive force potential of delta...	1
gravity	Gravity causes a force on the center of mass of m g in the vertical direction leading to.	1
gravity	The force that pulls objects toward the Earth is gravity.	1
gravity	Feb 3, 2013 ... For Newton, gravity is caused by mass attraction.	1
gravity	When you jump up in the air, you come back down to the ground due to gravity.	1
gravity	Planets with moons tend to be more stable in their rotation axis, because the moon's gravity helps to stabilize their spin.	1
gravity	Water, wind, and gravity are all forces involved in erosion.	1
hail	Sep 18, 2014 ... can become hail, large amount of droplets aloft is necessary for hail formation.	1
hail	Lightning, hail, and tornados are associated with severe thunderstorms.	1
hail	Examples of precipitation include rain, snow, sleet, and hail.	1
hail	Wonderful though it sounds, the invention, unsurprisingly, did not work since hail is caused by thunderstorms with strong updrafts and unstable air mass, rather...	1
hail	The formation of hail is caused by the supercooling of uplifted liquid below freezing temperatures during severe...	1
hail	Hail occurs when ice pellets falling from the top of the cloud collect a film of moisture as they descend.	1
hail	Hail is caused by a strong updraft in a storm system, the same updraft that causes thunderstorms.	1
hail	Feb 19, 2013 ... Hail is the formed when an object, including dust or particles in the air, collides with supercooled water.	1
help	Humans can help save their environment by recycling, planting trees, preventing litter, limiting use of cars, creating new forms of energy, and conserving energy.	1
help	Frogs are able to swim with the help of a tail during the tadpole phase.	1
help	Birds have wings that are long and angled to help them fly.	1
help	A fish has a flipper or fin that helps them swim.	1
help	Fish have fins to help them move.	1
help	Birds have wings to help them move.	1
help	Animals take in food as a nutrient to give them energy and help them grow.	1
help	All animals have different structures that have different jobs or functions to help in growth, survival, and reproduction.	1
help	The mouth helps in digestion and respiration.	1
help	The flower is colorful and has a pleasant scent that attracts birds and insects to help with fertilization.	1
help	The flower helps the plant reproduce because it contains the pollen and eggs.	1
help	Water helps living things survive by moving materials.	1
help	To help make more detailed observations scientists often use tools.	1
help	Simple machines are tools with very few parts that help us work.	1
help	When this happens we use tools, or machines, to help us do work.	1
help	Often the force we need in order to do the work is too much for one person and we need help.	1
help	Humans can help the environment in many ways:	1
help	While it is nice to have cars, planes, and trains for transportation, these machines give off gases that are not helpful to the atmosphere.	1
help	They help in plant growth.	1
help	Each part of the pyramid represents the proper amounts of each type of food that will help you stay healthy.	1
help	Brushing our teeth removes the food and helps keep them strong.	1
help	Because of their size, elephants move very slowly, so having good hearing helps protect them from predators.	1
help	They also have very large ear flaps that help them hear.	1
help	A beak helps the bird capture and take in food.	1
help	Depending on how the organism lives, their arm and/or wing adapted to help it survive.	1
help	Body fat is a form of stored energy and helps animals get through long periods of time with little food.	1
help	This helps to regulate their body heat.	1
help	These smells and sounds can attract other animals so that they can mate or they can help them fight an enemy.	1
help	Think of a lion's golden fur, which helps it blend into the desert landscape.	1
help	We call this camouflage, which helps protect the animal from enemies.	1
help	Lobsters and crabs protect themselves with their claws, turtles have shells, porcupines have spines, birds use their feathers, and others have fur or scales to help protect them from predators.	1
help	All animals have different structures that have different jobs or functions to help with growth, survival, and reproduction.	1
help	The diaphragm is a muscle that moves up and down as we inhale and exhale and helps the lungs take in and let out air.	1
help	The body systems work like a machine and each system works to help the animal grow, create energy, and survive.	1
help	Each organ system has a specific function that helps the organism to survive.	1
help	These colors and smells attract birds and insects to visit them and help with the reproduction process.	1
help	With the help of animals (insects and birds), rain, and wind, flowers can be pollinated (fertilized) so that seeds can be formed that will grow into new plants.	1
help	Nutrients are taken in through the roots from the soil and help the plant survive.	1
help	This waste, when mixed into the soil, can be very helpful to growing plants.	1
help	Plants get their nutrients from the soil, which helps them grow and perform photosynthesis.	1
help	Dogs have legs to help them move.	1
hibernate	Bears hibernate but before doing so they eat a great deal of food to increase their body fat.	1
hibernate	Some animals hibernate during the winter months.	1
hibernate	"Feb 1, 2006 ... Hibernate is the same as ""to sleep,"" and the opposite of ""to sleep"" is ""to awaken""."	1
hibernate	A bear would hibernate during the winter season.	1
